<html>
<head>
<style type="text/css">&lt;!--
.c0 { text-align: center; }
.c1 { text-align: center; margin-top: 0em; margin-bottom: 0em; }
.c2 { font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-weight: normal; color: #000000; text-decoration: none; }
.c3 { text-align: center; margin-left: 13%; margin-right: 13%; }
.c4 { font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-weight: bold; color: #CC0033; text-decoration: none; }
.c5 { text-align: left; }
.c6 { text-align: left; margin-top: 0em; margin-bottom: 0em; }
.c7 { font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 14pt; font-style: normal; font-weight: bold; color: #000000; text-decoration: none; }
.c8 { font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 14pt; font-style: normal; font-weight: bold; color: #CC0033; text-decoration: none; }
.c9 { font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-weight: bold; color: #000000; text-decoration: none; }
.c10 { text-align: left; margin-top: 1em; margin-bottom: 0em; }
.c11 { page-break-before: always; }
.c12 { border-collapse: collapse; table-layout: auto; width:100%; }
.c13 { width: 480pt; }
.c14 { text-align: left; padding-left: 2pt; vertical-align: top; padding-right: 2pt; }
.c15 { font-family: 'Courier New',Courier; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-weight: normal; color: #000000; text-decoration: none; }
.c16 { text-align: center; margin-left: 5%; margin-right: 5%; }
.c17 { font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; font-style: italic; font-weight: normal; color: #000000; text-decoration: none; }
.c18 { font-family: 'Courier New',Courier; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-weight: bold; color: #CC0033; text-decoration: none; }
.c19 { font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; font-style: italic; font-weight: bold; color: #CC0033; text-decoration: none; }
--&gt;</style>
<!-- LXNComment 1826:551893900 -->
<title>&#160;</title>
<meta topic="null" documents="416" updated="Thursday, March 03, 2016  13:32:44 EST"/></head>
<body>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_0"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=1>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">1 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">May</span><span class="c2"> 22, 1991, Wednesday, Final Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Thompson Put On </span><span class="c8">Nike's</span><span class="c7"> Board</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">Mark Asher, Washington Post Staff Writer</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; PAGE D3</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">205 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. yesterday named Georgetown University basketball coach John Thompson to its board of directors.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Thompson, a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> spokesman since 1980, becomes the first minority-race board member at </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, which expects $ 3 billion sales in sports and fitness shoes, clothing and accessories for its fiscal year ending May 31.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The naming of Thompson follows criticism last July by Operation PUSH and its leader, Jesse Jackson, that </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> was exploiting blacks and had none in upper management. In August, Operation PUSH urged a boycott of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> products, and </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> publicly said it would name a black to its board within a year. The next month, Thompson arranged a meeting in his office between Operation PUSH and </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> officials.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I've had an opportunity to know [</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> chairman] Phil Knight," Thompson said on a tape provided by Georgetown. "I have a lot of interest and a lot of curiosity, particularly as it applies to the business world. And this will afford me an opportunity to expand my knowledge and at least give some more input of my feelings about the business world."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Thompson will make $ 10,000 a year to sit on the board, plus $ 2,000 for each of six annual board meetings. His first board meeting is next month.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SERIES: </span><span class="c2">Occasional</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">DC NEWS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_1"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=2>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">5 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">June</span><span class="c2"> 17, 1992, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> battles over trademark in Spain</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Michael Hiestand</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 10C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">161 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has an unusual rival in the Barcelona Olympics: Juan Amigo Freixas, a Spanish lawyer who says he owns the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> trademark in Spain.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In 1981, Freixas bought this 1932 trademark from a knitwear manufacturer: a photo negative of the headless Winged Victory of Samothrace, a statue in Paris' Louvre Museum that has ''</span><span class="c4">Nike''</span><span class="c2"> on its pedestal.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">That, he says, gives him the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> trademark for apparel in Spain.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> protested, but a Spanish civil court ruled otherwise, enjoining </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> from selling apparel there.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has lobbied various U.S. government agencies and trade groups in a two-year legal battle and has appealed to the Spanish Constitutional Court - which might rule soon.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Until then, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> hopes for a reversal, or at least a ruling that doesn't broaden Freixas' claim beyond apparel. And, says </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> counsel Lindsay Stewart, the company has made contingency plans: ''The obvious gift of a T- shirt wouldn't be included in our giveaways.''</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">OLYMPIC REPORT</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_2"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=3>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">8 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">February</span><span class="c2"> 28, 1991, Thursday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">L.A. Gear Shoe Spurs </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> Suit</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Special to The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section D; Page 5; Column 1; Financial Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">163 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">LOS ANGELES, Feb. 27</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. filed a lawsuit today against L.A. Gear Inc., charging its rival with incorporating a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">-patented design in its new Catapult basketball shoe.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The suit, filed in Federal District Court here, says some elements of L.A. Gear's Catapult cushioning system infringes two </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> patents. The patents, covering what </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> calls a "spring moderator device," are not now used in the company's shoes. Instead, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has an air-cushioning system that uses pressurized gas.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Like </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> spring moderator, L.A. Gear's Catapult shoe has a cushioning system designed to improve the jumping performance of wearers.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">While </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> based in Beaverton, Ore., does not use its system on any shoe, Lindsay Stewart, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> general counsel, said it was important for the company to protect its designs. "We spend a lot of money on research and development and we don't want to see it abused."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">An L.A. Gear spokesman did not immediately return a telephone call seeking comment.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">February 28, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_3"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=4>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">11 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">October</span><span class="c2"> 28, 1992, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Group to nail </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> for loss of U.S. jobs</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Michael Hiestand</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 1C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">175 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Next week, newspaper ads paid for by a Washington D.C.-area foundation will ask you to send your ''dirty, smelly, worn-out'' </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoes to </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> chairman Philip Knight and to not buy a pair until </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> builds ''a manufacturing plant'' in the USA.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> spokesman Dusty Kidd says that might leave you barefoot: ''You can't make shoes profitably in this country.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">People wouldn't buy them. They'd be too expensive.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The ads will come from Made in the USA, a Chevy Chase, Md., foundation whose backers include labor unions and manufacturers. The group wants to call attention to its claim that 65,000 U.S. footwear jobs were lost in the 1980s. It plans to spend about $ 1 million on ads targeting </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> says chairman Joel Joseph.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoes are assembled in Asia. But </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> Kidd says that shoe components are made in the USA, creating 1,162 full-time jobs in </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> U.S. work force.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Made in the USA says </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> Asian subcontractors pay Indonesian workers 14 cents an hour. </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> counter: That's four times the average local wage.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_4"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=5>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">14 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">October</span><span class="c2"> 20, 1992, Tuesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Ad over, but </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> backs Sanders</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS; Section C; Page 2</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">199 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">He's in the World Series, but you haven't seen Deion Sanders's </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> commercials during CBS broadcasts of the games - and you probably won't.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">That doesn't mean </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. is fed up with Mr. Sanders, as many fans were after the seventh game of the National League Championship Series celebration, when he poured buckets of water on CBS sportscaster Tim McCarver, apparently in retaliation for some on-the-air criticism.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> still stands behind Mr. Sanders, a Braves outfielder and a Falcons cornerback whom </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> pays $ 1 million a year to endorse its cross- training sneakers. His commercial just ran out its two-month cycle, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"He had a rough week," said company spokesman Dusty Kidd of the McCarver controversy and of some fans' criticism that Mr. Sanders is more concerned about his </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> deal - which pays him an extra $ 900,000 a year to shuttle between the Braves and Falcons - than he is about the Braves winning the World Series.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"But he's still a .300 hitter, he still had the most triples in the [National] league, and he's still an All-Pro cornerback," said Mr. Kidd. "In some people's minds, maybe [the controversy] does tarnish him. But we stand behind him."</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">October 23, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH922970083</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Photo: Brave/Falcon Deion Sanders appears as himself - "out of control" - in a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> sneakers ad. /</span><span class="c4">Nike</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_5"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=6>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">16 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 11, 1991, Thursday,</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">FINAL EDITION&#160;<br/>Correction Appended</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Earnings reports: </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> runs up a record year</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Donna Rosato</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">MONEY;</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">Pg. 3B</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">314 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Despite stumbling in the fourth quarter, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. Wednesday<br/>reported record earnings and revenue for its fiscal year ended May 31.<br/>The nation's largest maker of athletic shoes said annual revenue rose<br/>36% to $ 3 billion from $ 2.2 billion last year. Net income rose 18% to<br/>$ 287 million, or $ 3.77 a share, vs. $ 243 million, or $ 3.21 a share, in<br/>1990.<br/></span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Piper Jaffray repeated its strong buy recommendation after </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><br/><span class="c2">spoke optimistically about the current quarter. In </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> fourth<br/>quarter, net income fell 13% to $ 58.6 million, or 76 cents a share, vs.<br/>$ 67.2 million, or 89 cents a share, last year. Revenue rose 18% to<br/>$ 719 million, vs. $ 609 million.<br/></span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Chairman Philip Knight said half of </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> fiscal 1991 growth<br/>came from abroad, where revenue jumped 80% to $ 862 million. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shares<br/>rose 1 1/4 to $ 42 1/2.<br/></span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Other earnings Wednesday:<br/></span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">2nd qtr. - Abbott Laboratories, net income of $ 268.3 million vs.<br/>$ 240.2 million (+12%), per share 63 cents vs. 55 cents (+15%); CBS,<br/>operating income of $ 50.7 million vs. $ 138 million (-63%), per share<br/>$ 3.31 vs. $ 5.36 (-38%); Federal National Mortgage Association, net<br/>income of $ 331.5 million vs. $ 320 million (+4%), per share $ 1.21 vs.<br/>$ 1.10 (+10%); Motorola, net income of $ 119 million vs. $ 161 million<br/>(-26%), per share 90 cents vs. $ 1.22 (-26%); Student Loan Marketing<br/>Association, net income of $ 64.7 million vs. $ 74 million (-13%), per<br/>share 87 cents vs. 72 cents (+21%); Vons, operating income of $ 15.8<br/>million vs. $ 10.4 million (+52%), per share 40 cents vs. 27 cents<br/>(+48%).<br/></span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">3rd qtr. - King World Productions, net income of $ 16 million vs.<br/>$ 14.2 million (+13%), per share 40 cents vs. 36 cents (+11%).<br/></span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">4th qtr. - ConAgra, net income of $ 99.4 million vs. $ 73.5 million<br/>(+35%), per share 65 cents vs. 59 cents (+10%).<br/></span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">KNIGHT: Optimistic outlook.<br/></span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 12, 2000</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">CORRECTION-DATE: </span><span class="c2">July 15, 1991, Monday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">CORRECTION: </span><span class="c2">7/15/91.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">PHOTO;b/w</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_6"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=7>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">19 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 27, 1992, Monday, FINAL EDITION<br/>Correction Appended</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> set to recycle old shoes</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Donna Rosato</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">MONEY; Pg. 1B</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">168 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> says it can turn your worn-out sneakers into sleek new ones.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Basically, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> process grinds and pulverizes whole shoes to make material that can be used for the outer soles of new shoes.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> says it can completely recycle every shoe it makes except the ones with cleats. So far, it doesn't have machinery to separate metal from rubber and fiber.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The first </span><span class="c4">Nikes</span><span class="c2"> to contain recycled material will be in stores next spring. The shoe will be a version of one of </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> best sellers: the Air Escape Low, a mid priced outdoor cross trainer.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> says a sole with up to 20% recycled material performed as well and sometimes better than regular soles in laboratory tests.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> says once it gets its patent, it will let other companies use its recycling method.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''Maybe at some point - way in the future - we'll have a system where shoes can be 100% recycled, where you never throw a pair away. You always take them back like bottles or other common recyclables,'' says </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> Dusty Kidd.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">CORRECTION-DATE: </span><span class="c2">July 28, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">CORRECTION: </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> new technology for recycling shoes into new athletic shoes is featured in Omni magazine's August issue, out today. Clarification ran 7/28/92.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_7"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=8>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">22 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">December</span><span class="c2"> 16, 1991, Monday,</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">WEEKLY EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> sees flat earnings</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Financial Times of London and Financial Post news services</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SECTION 2, INVESTMENT &amp; FINANCE; Pg. 19, INTERNATIONAL COMPANY REPORTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">173 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. of the U.S. expects to report relatively flat earnings in its second fiscal quarter ended Nov. 30, says chairman Philip H. Knight.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> A year earlier, the sports shoe and apparel maker earned US$58.1 million (C$66.4 million), or US77 cents a share.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">Knight indicated that </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> per-share earnings for the recently completed second quarter ranged from US75 cents to US80 cents.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> In recent years, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has commonly reported big quarterly earnings jumps, but a flat second quarter would be something of a victory in these recessionary times.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Knight declined to give specific estimates and didn't discuss revenues for the period. A year ago, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> had revenues of US$648.8 million. Knight's comments indicate that </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> will earn roughly between US$57 million and US$61 million for the fiscal second quarter.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> In the fiscal first quarter, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> earned US$114.4 million (US$1.50 a share) on revenue of US$947.2 million. Fiscal first quarter earnings were 15% above profits in the year-earlier first quarter.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 6, 1997</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">NEWS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Financial Post Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_8"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=9>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">24 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 7, 1992, Tuesday,</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">DAILY: NATIONAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> fights Olympic court ban</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Associated Press</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 51</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">263 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">Madrid, Spain</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., which paid millions to put its name on the U.S. track and field team's uniforms at the Barcelona Olympics, is appealing a stunning high court decision that bars the advertising or sale of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> apparel in Spain, a company attorney said yesterday.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Spain's Constitutional Court last week refused to lift a lower court order prohibiting the Beaverton, Ore.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">-based company from using the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> name on clothing because a Barcelona firm registered the trademark first in 1932.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, whose shoes are not affected by the ruling, planned to use the Olympics promotional campaign to launch a new line of sports clothes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> If further legal actions fail - and if the courts rule the injunction bars U.S. athletes from wearing </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> uniforms - the firm stands to lose US$20 million in sales in Spain alone and many times that sum worldwide.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> ''We do not believe we've lost the battle by any means, much less the war,'' said John Faylor, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> European lawyer.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> But the decision clearly left </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> at a disadvantage in its long-running dispute with Juan Amigo Freixas, the Barcelona lawyer who bought the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> name from the original registrant, who briefly made socks during the 1930s.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Amigo has reportedly asked </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> for US$30 million for rights to the brand, according to Faylor, who has called the Spaniard a ''pirate.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, however, claims the decision won't keep athletes from wearing its name when the Games open on July 25 because the International Olympic Committee does not consider the uniforms to be a form of advertising or promotion.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 6, 1997</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">APPOINTMENT NOTICE</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Financial Post Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_9"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=10>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">26 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">May</span><span class="c2"> 25, 1991, Saturday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">COMPANY NEWS;<br/></span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> Countersues Avia Over Patent</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">AP</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section 1; Page 37; Column 4; Financial Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">150 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">PORTLAND, Ore., May 24</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. has countersued Avia Group International Inc., contending that the shoemaker is making shoes that use </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> sole-cushioning technology. Bill Dragon, Avia's president, denied the contentions, accusing </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> of "typical arrogance." Avia, based in Portland, had sued </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> last month for infringing patents for its Cantilever sole, a system in the concave sole that directs the shock of impact away from ankles and knees. Avia seeks to block sales of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air 180 running shoes, which it says copy the Cantilever technology. Avia is also asking for unspecified damages.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In its counterclaim, </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> No. 1 in the athletic footwear industry, contends that Avia abandoned its original Cantilever outsole, rendering the patent invalid. The company, based in Beaverton, outside Portland, further contends that Avia products infringe two </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> patents. Avia is owned by Reebok International Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">May 25, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_10"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=11>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">29 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">WALL STREET JOURNAL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">June</span><span class="c2"> 17, 1992, Wednesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">NIKE'S</span><span class="c7"> OLYMPIC PLANS FACE HURDLE ERECTED BY SPANISH 'PIRATE'</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">BY RALPH T KING JR</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section B; Page 8, Column 4</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">72 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><br/><p class="c6"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc expected summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain, to be marketing bonanza for its athletic apparel; instead, they have led to angry charges by </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> that the company is being extorted by an alleged Spanish 'pirate'; </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> says it stands to lose as much as $20 million because of Spanish lawyer named Juan Amigo Freixas and his business partner, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> former distributor in Spain; Amigo owns right to use </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> name in Spain (M)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2"> WSJ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company: Abstracts</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_11"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=12>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">32 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 7, 1992, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> to Appeal Apparel Ban</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">AP</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section B; Page 8; Column 1; Sports Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">146 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">MADRID, July 6</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> which has paid millions to become an Olympic sponsor and to put its name on the uniforms of the United States track and field athletes at the Barcelona Games, is appealing a court decision that would bar the advertising or sale of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> clothing in Spain, a lawyer for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> said today.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Spain's Constitutional Court refused last week to lift a lower court order prohibiting the sports apparel company, based in Beaverton, Ore., from using the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> name on clothing because a Barcelona firm, which manufactured socks, registered the trademark first in 1932.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> whose shoes are not affected by the ruling, has planned to use the Olympics promotional campaign to launch a new line of sports clothes. If further legal actions fail, the firm stands to lose $20 million in sales in Spain alone and many times that sum worldwide, according to company documents.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">July 7, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_12"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=13>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">35 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">January</span><span class="c2"> 16, 1992, Thursday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">NORMAN AREY'S SPORTSCENCE </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> under fire in new book</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Norman Areysports; equipment; books; violations; colleges; personalities; basketball; results</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Section E; Page 2</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">661 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">A new book about the inner working of athletics shoe and apparel giant </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> alleges steroid use by </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">-sponsored athletes and widespread under-the-table payments to amateur competitors. "Swoosh, The Story of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and the Men Who Played There" was written by sisters Julie Strasser and Laurie Becklund. Strasser was </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> first advertising director and her husband, Rob, was the marketing whiz during the company's meteoric rise to national prominence in the 1980s. Becklund is a reporter for the Los Angeles Times. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> says the authors took a slanted approach because Rob Strasser, who left </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> in 1988, now heads a consulting company whose clients include Adidas, one of </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> major competitors. Julie Strasser says Adidas didn't hire her husband's company until after publishing rights to the book were sold.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">JUST A COINCIDENCE: Sophomore guard Bret Just of 12-0 Tulane is the son of Mark Just, the agent for pro basketball players named in the points-shaving scandal that rocked the New Orleans school in 1985 and led to the discontinuation of the program.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">WHATEVER HAPPEN TO: Former Georgia Tech and Tulane player Michael Christian? He's living with former Tech and now Detroit Pistons forward John Salley in Detroit and is managing a nightclub partially owned by Salley.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">PICTURE THIS: Tulane coach Perry Clark never saw his junior guard, G.J. Hunter, play high school ball in person, but was so impressed with the film of one of Hunter's games, he sent assistant Ron Everhart to Garland, Texas, to sign him. Not to imply that it was a mistake, for Hunter is a starter for the Green Wave but the film was not of one game, as Clark thought. It was a highlight film of an entire year's worth of games compiled by Hunter's father.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">WHERE'D THEY GO: Kansas City baseball reporters will hold their awards dinner Saturday. Harold Reynolds of the Seattle Mariners was to have been the only non-Royal player honored. Now? The Royals' player-of- the-year award will go to Danny Tartabull, recently signed by the New York Yankees as a free agent; the pitcher-of-the-year award will go to Bret Saberhagen, recently traded to the New York Mets, and the special achiever award will go to infielder Bill Pecota, also traded to the Mets.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">NAME THAT SPORT: They're moaning again about foreign-born athletes working harder and threatening to overtake their native competition. U.S. golf? Italian basketball? Nope. Japanese sumo wrestling, where Hawaii's Salevaa Atisanoe, better known as Konishiki, could become the first foreign "yokozuna" or grand champion, in the history of the sport.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A GIANT THREAT: How concerned are folks in San Francisco about those reports of the Giants possibly moving to San Jose? "What is really important now is football," said San Francisco State University broadcast professor and sometime baseball fan Arthur Berger. "When the 49ers go, then you know it's the end of the world."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">CLASS ACT: Only a week ago, Detroit Lions Barry Sanders and Willie Green were playing in the NFC championship game. Now they're back in school, taking the college classes they missed while playing football and need to earn their degrees. Sanders left Oklahoma State University after his third year while Green left the University of Mississippi about a year away from his degree. Both say they'll earn their degrees from Oakland University in the Detroit suburb of Rochester, Mich.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">MIAMI-MANIA: Among the fans in attendance Tuesday night for the University of Miami's 45-42 basketball upset of 17th-ranked St.John's was UM wide receiver Lamar Thomas, the showboatingest of the showboating Hurricane football players. He says the basketball team, playing its first season in the Big East, could duplicate the turnaround the football team made form doormat to power after its 1983 national championship. "They're starting on the bottom like we did," Thomas said. "But if they win a couple of big games like we did, all of a sudden they can be on top."</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">April 14, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Photo: mug of Perry Clark</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_13"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=14>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">37 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 27, 1992, Monday,</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">FINAL EDITION&#160;<br/>Correction Appended</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> set to recycle old shoes</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Donna Rosato</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">MONEY;</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">Pg. 1B</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">171 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> says it can turn your worn-out sneakers into sleek new ones.<br/></span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Basically, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> process grinds and pulverizes whole shoes to make<br/>material that can be used for the outer soles of new shoes.</span><span class="c2">&#160;<br/></span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> says it can completely recycle every shoe it makes except the<br/>ones with cleats. So far, it doesn't have machinery to separate metal<br/>from rubber and fiber.<br/></span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The first </span><span class="c4">Nikes</span><span class="c2"> to contain recycled material will be in stores next<br/>spring. The shoe will be a version of one of </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> best sellers: the<br/>Air Escape Low, a mid priced outdoor cross trainer.<br/></span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> says a sole with up to 20% recycled material performed as well<br/>and sometimes better than regular soles in laboratory tests.<br/></span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> says once it gets its patent, it will let other companies use<br/>its recycling method.<br/></span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Maybe at some point - way in the future - we'll have a system<br/>where shoes can be 100% recycled, where you never throw a pair away.<br/>You always take them back like bottles or other common recyclables,"<br/>says </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> Dusty Kidd.<br/></span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 12, 2000</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">CORRECTION-DATE: </span><span class="c2">July 28, 1992, Tuesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">CORRECTION: </span><span class="c2">7/28/92.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_14"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=15>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">40 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">September</span><span class="c2"> 17, 1991, Tuesday,</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">DAILY EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike's</span><span class="c7"> record quarter</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Financial Times of London and Financial Post news services</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SECTION 2, INVESTMENT AND FINANCE; Pg. 24, INTERNATIONAL COMPANY NEWS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">189 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. officials warned that second-quarter earnings may not match the record performance in the first quarter. Earlier yesterday, Oregon-based </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> reported first-quarter net income of US$114 million (C$130 million), or US$1.50 a share, on revenues of US$947 million, compared to 1990 first-quarter income of US$99.7 million, or US$2.62 a share, on revenues of US$833.6 million.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> said first-quarter results benefited from a big increase in ''at-once'' sales. Those sales - not booked as future orders - rose 45% in the quarter ended Aug. 31. In a telephone conference call with analysts, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> officials said it is unlikely ''at-once'' sales will reach that level in the second quarter. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> said the first quarter's record revenues and earnings reflect growth in all its brand divisions and other brands. Domestic footwear revenues increased 5% to US$558.3 million, while domestic athletic apparel grew 24% to US$98.6 million over last year. International sales rose 37% to US$248.3 million over last year, while revenues from other brands, such as Cole Haan and Tetra Plastics, rose 8% to US$42 million.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 6, 1997</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">NEWS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Financial Post Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_15"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=16>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">42 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">August</span><span class="c2"> 15, 1992, Saturday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">The Third World Secret of </span><span class="c8">Nike's</span><span class="c7"> Success</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section 1; Page 18; Column 4; Editorial Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">186 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">To the Editor:</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">After reading the rhapsodic article about the new </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town building in Chicago (Styles of The Times, July 19), I believe it is time to disclose the secret of </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> success.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> According to the August issue of Harper's magazine, the workers (mostly women, poor and malnourished) in the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> factory in Indonesia are paid $1.03 a day, not enough for food and shelter. A pair of shoes that retails for $80 in the United States costs 12 cents to make. </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> profits (the company had sales of $3 billion last year) are earned on the back of the third-world poor.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Let no one justify this exploitation by arguing it provides work for people who would not otherwise be employed. This would be the equivalent of justifying slavery on the ground it gave work to idle black Africans.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town in Chicago cost $34 million, according to your article. Banners hanging from the ceiling of this temple of high-tech read: "Performance, Technology, Innovation." How innovative is it to gain enormous wealth by exploiting the poor and the helpless?<br/>&#160;<br/>CATHERINE DE VINCK<br/>Allendale, N.J., Aug. 1, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">August 15, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Letter</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_16"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=17>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">45 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">December</span><span class="c2"> 2, 1992, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> chairman answers critics</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Michael Hiestand</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 2C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">172 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Being the world's leading sports gear marketer makes </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> an obvious target for critics. The latest call for a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> consumer boycott - a U.S. manufacturing group - is running ads faulting </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> use of labor in developing countries.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> chairman and founder Phil Knight says the company has little choice about using such labor in order for compete with its rivals here and abroad.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">After losing $ 20 million on a factory in Saco, Maine, that closed in 1985, Knight concluded ''Americans don't want to make shoes'' - at least at going global rates. At a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> subcontractor in Gwangzhou, China, workers make about $ 85 a month, nearly double the salary of professors at Beijing University.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Then there's the idea, as Sports Illustrated put it, that </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has helped ''a fantasy-fueled market for luxury items ... (that) led to a frightening outbreak of crimes.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Knight doesn't see </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> sought-after sneakers as having a causal effect on crime: ''Nobody jumps on Toyota if its cars are used in drive-by shootings.''</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">PHOTO, b/w<br/>&#160;<br/>CUTLINE: PHIL KNIGHT: Defends use of foreign labor market.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">See Cover story; Criticism grows along with business</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_17"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=18>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">48 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">February</span><span class="c2"> 26, 1991, Tuesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">BUSINESS REPORT: ON ADVERTISING; Shoemakers jump on </span><span class="c8">Nike</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Jeffry Scott Staff writerbanking; fashion; advertising; industry</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS; SECTION D; PAGE 02</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">654 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">The latest sneaker attacks by Reebok, British Knights and L.A. Gear&#160;against </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> have rankled executives at the top athletic shoe company,&#160;but don't expect </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> to kick back.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We're not going into the mud-wrestling pit with them," says Andy&#160;Mooney, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> vice president of marketing, who called the attacks "par&#160;for the course when you're No. 1."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Reebok and L.A. Gear launched their air assaults during the Super&#160;Bowl broadcast. Reebok's ads featured jock endorsers telling </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">&#160;endorsers to "Pump Up, and Air Out." In L.A. Gear's ads for its new&#160;catapult shoes, National Basketball Association star Karl Malone says:&#160;"Everything else is just hot air."</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> executives were enraged, calling the Reebok ads a cheap shot.&#160;And CBS actually pulled the L.A. Gear ad, saying the depiction of the&#160;catapult device in ads was misleading.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Now British Knights is set to step on </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> toes with a $ 15 million&#160;campaign, breaking Thursday, that features rapper M.C. Hammer hammering&#160;home the themeline "Your mother wears </span><span class="c4">Nikes!"</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is not amused.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"That statement couldn't be further from the truth," Mr. Mooney&#160;says. "But, to tell you the truth, we'd love it if everybody's mothers&#160;wore </span><span class="c4">Nikes</span><span class="c2">."; Whims of war</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">On the marketing war front:</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Atlanta television station WSB has begun running twice-hourly local&#160;news inserts on Prime Cable broadcasts of CNN Headline News in the metro&#160;area. The local inserts, which a WSB spokeswoman said "add an element of&#160;localism" to Headline News's coverage, follow the boom in Cable News&#160;Network ratings since the war began.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The National Guard this week is filming a commercial at Fort&#160;Benning, Ga., urging U.S. companies to back their employees who have been&#160;called up to fight.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Without the men and women in the National Guard, 44 percent of our&#160;nation's defense just wouldn't be there," says the commercial, being&#160;filmed by Detroit advertising agency Ross Roy. "Be a hero. Give your&#160;employees the freedom to protect ours."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Greeting card companies have begun selling cards with Persian Gulf&#160;war themes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Day Spring Greeting Cards, a Siloam Springs, Ark., manufacturer of&#160;religious greeting cards, is selling a line of "With Love From Home"&#160;cards at Christian bookstores and Wal-Mart.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Hallmark is selling a line of "Just How I Feel" cards to send to&#160;soldiers, offering "missing you" and "thinking of you" sentiments.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">American Greetings is offering a "Greetings From The Gulf" line of&#160;12 cards for soldiers to send home. The cards sport Desert Shield logos&#160;and pictures of camels and sand. They are sold in military stores&#160;overseas. Next week, the company will begin selling "America Misses You"&#160;cards.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Normally methodical marketers continue to be perplexed by the double&#160;whammy of war and recession. General Motors Corp. and Chrysler Corp. have&#160;chopped $ 240 million from their ad budgets. Meantime, others - including&#160;Audi, Coors, Sony and Warner Brothers - have shifted their ads from the&#160;cheaper media of cable and spot television onto the networks. Network&#160;advertising sales are so soft these days, it's sometimes cheaper than&#160;spot and cable TV.; Quickly ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Now that the dust has settled from the C&amp;S/Sovran Corp. merger, the&#160;banking company plans to choose a single advertising agency. Company&#160;officials said Monday they are holding a review for the $ 10 million to&#160;$ 20 million account. The incumbents - Ogilvy &amp; Mather, Atlanta (C&amp;S's&#160;agency for more than a decade) and Sovran's agency, Lawler Ballard of&#160;Norfolk, Va., have been invited to pitch, of course. . . . The Los&#160;Angeles office of Delta Air Lines' advertising agency, BBDO, followed&#160;through on a report that its Moscow office was pitching the KGB account.&#160;The agency's creative team came up with this tongue-in-cheek ad - "We&#160;Love to Spy, and It Shows." Others: "We're not your father's KGB"; and&#160;"Gee! No. KGB."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Compiled from staff, wire and published reports.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">February 10, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Photo: Mug shot of Karl Malone</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_18"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=19>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">50 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 19, 1991, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike's</span><span class="c7"> Net Is Up by 12%</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Reuters</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section D; Page 10; Column 6; Financial Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">197 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">BEAVERTON, Ore., March 18</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., the nation's largest marketer of athletic shoes, reported today that its third-quarter earnings jumped 12 percent, but the performance disappointed Wall Street and </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> stock price tumbled.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The company earned $70.7 million, or 93 cents a share, in the quarter ended Feb. 28, up from $63.1 million, or 83 cents a share, a year earlier. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> said revenues shot up nearly 39 percent in the third quarter to $802.2 million from $577.9 million a year earlier.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> On the New York Stock Exchange, the company's class B stock tumbled $2.50, to $47.50 a share. </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> share earnings were at the low end of Wall Street forecasts, which ranged from 90 cents to $1.05 a share, according to analysts at Lynch, Jones &amp; Ryan Inc.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> said higher costs had cut revenues, reflecting advertising expense for the introduction of several new products. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> said it planned to continue its heavy advertising.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Selling and administrative costs as a proportion of sales rose to 22.7 percent, from 19.9 percent last year. Interest costs in the quarter jumped to $9.7 million, from $2.5 million, partly reflecting higher borrowings to accommodate a planned rise in inventories.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">March 19, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_19"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=20>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">53 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">June</span><span class="c2"> 17, 1992, Wednesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">LICENSING </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> in Spanish trademark dispute</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Karen Rosen STAFF WRITER</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Section B; Page 7</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">136 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Madrid, Spain - </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. is in the midst of an ugly legal battle with a Spanish attorney who owns the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> name in Spain - registered 60 years ago by a Barcelona sock maker. Pressure is building on both sides: </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> a sports shoe and apparel company based in Beaverton, Ore., wants to clear the matter up before the July 25 opening ceremony, while Juan Amigo Freixas - who says the athletes can't use the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> name without his permission - knows his payoff will shrink after the Games fade into history.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">At stake are the profits </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> hoped to reap when it paid a handsome sum - the company won't say how much - to hitch its name to the U.S. athletes. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> documents put potential sales losses at $ 20 million in Spain alone and many times that worldwide.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Associated Press contributed to this report.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">June 20, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Photo: Phyllis Hines figures she has a chance to make the U.S. women's road racing team.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_20"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=21>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">55 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Globe and Mail (Canada)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">May</span><span class="c2"> 5, 1992 Tuesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS   Spain on watch list</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">GAM</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">92 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Spain has been put on the U.S. government's "watch list" of nations that<br/>deny protection to U.S. trademarks after </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. was blocked from<br/>selling its apparel in Spain.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">    Spanish courts have sided with </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> former distributor in Spain,<br/>allowing Cidesport SA to continue selling knockoffs of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> sports and<br/>fitness wear under a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> trademark, a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> spokesman said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> terminated an eight-year relationship with Cidesport after a 1989<br/>audit. The Beaverton, Ore.-based company planned to market its own<br/>products, but was prevented by a court injunction.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">January 9, 2007</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">PUBLICATION-TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Newspaper</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.<br/>All Rights Reserved</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_21"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=22>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">57 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 1, 1991, Friday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">L.A. Gear Responds to Suit</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section D; Page 19; Column 5; Financial Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">174 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">LOS ANGELES, Feb. 28</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Responding to a lawsuit filed on Wednesday by </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., L.A. Gear Inc. denied today that its new Catapult shoe infringed two </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> patents.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">L.A. Gear said technology used in the Catapult did not infringe a cushioning system patent held by </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span><span class="c2"> The company said the United States Patent Office had previously not objected to L.A. Gear's use of technology that might appear similar to </span><span class="c4">Nike's.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> L.A. Gear also said its shoe's lacing system did not infringe another patent held by </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span><span class="c2"> The company said it would defend itself against </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">L.A. Gear said separately that it had filed for a deadline extension to March 15 from March 1 on the recording of some financial information with the Securities and Exchange Commission.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Because the company has posted losses, L.A. Gear said it was out of compliance with covenants on a $360 million bank line of credit and needed to evaluate the results of continuing negotiations. The company said it expected to conclude talks with lenders and might announce a new agreement by March 15.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">March 1, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_22"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=23>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">60 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Herald Sun</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">September</span><span class="c2"> 22, 1992 Tuesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> sprints to $1.3bil record</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">HERALD BUSINESS; Pg. 29</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">236 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c4">NIKE</span><span class="c2"> today reported record quarterly earnings and became the first company in the sports and fitness industry to generate more than $US1 billion ($A1.38 billion) in revenues during a single quarter.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> net income for the three-month period, which ended August 31, 1992, was $US122,593,000, ($A168,651,190) or $US1.60 per share, an increase of 7 per cent from the $US114,437,000 ($A157,430,980) or $US1.50 per share earned during the same period last year.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Consolidated revenues for the quarter increased to a record $US1,099,862,000 ($A1,513,080,153) up 16 per cent from $US947,161,000 ($A1,303,009,387) in the prior year with every division recording growth.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> In Europe, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> became the first US-based company in the industry to record revenues in excess of $US1 billion in a 12-month period. European revenues for the 12-months ended August 31 totalled $US1.009 billion ($A1.39 billion).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has been investing in European marketing and building an organisational infrastructure.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Chairman Philip Knight said: "</span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> record first quarter and 27-per cent increase in future orders reflects the growing strength of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> as a global brand franchise.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "Our US business was robust during the critical back-to-school season just completed, and worldwide future orders for spring delivery are at record levels."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> PA</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> END OF STORY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 27, 2003</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> . . . first past the billion-dollar post.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2">DHS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Nationwide News Pty Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_23"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=24>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">62 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">September</span><span class="c2"> 17, 1991, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> Profits Rise 14.5%</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">AP</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section D; Page 16; Column 6; Financial Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">93 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">BEAVERTON, Ore., Sept. 16</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. today reported a 14.5 percent increase in earnings for its first fiscal quarter, driven by 14 percent revenue growth fueled by its expansion in Europe.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> earned a record $114 million, or $1.50 a share, in the three months ended Aug. 31, up from $99.6 million, or $1.31 a share, in the corresponding quarter a year ago.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Revenue rose to a record $947.2 million, from $833.6 million a year earlier.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> said it was the first time any company in its industry -- athletic shoes and apparel -- made more than $100 million in a quarter.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 17, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_24"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=25>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">65 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 1, 1992, Wednesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Deion high-stepping in ad's debut</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By J.J. Cooper STAFF WRITERadvertising; sports; personalities</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Section D; Page 1</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">234 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">On July 14, "Prime Time" will hit prime time when </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> airs Deion Sanders's first national commercial during the All-Star Game.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The 30-second spot, which will promote a new type of cross-training shoe, features Deion the football player, the baseball player, the dancer, the father, etc.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The commercial is the first in what is expected to be a series of Deion/Cross Trainer ads for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">. Sanders signed a multiyear deal with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> in mid-May.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> will premier a new Bo Jackson commercial on the same night. Both ads are narrated by fast-talking MTV comic Denis Leary. Sanders has a three-word script; Jackson does not speak.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In Sanders's spot, Leary talks about how "Deion is so busy he needs two nicknames, Prime Time and Neon Deion."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sanders is shown with the Falcons, with the Braves and in various off-field activities including walking his daughter Deiondra, washing his car and hanging with his "posse."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But according to Sanders, the toughest part of the commercial was attempting to dance like rap star Hammer. In one part, Sanders is shown dancing to "2 Legit To Quit."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I've got a lot of respect for Hammer," Sanders said. "It's so tiring. I thought I could move, but dancing is something else."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jackson's commercial focuses on his rehabilitation from hip socket replacement.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"You think it's over," Leary says in the commercial. "It ain't over till the hip socket sings. OK?"</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">July 7, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH921890271</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">color photo: Denis Leary color photo: Deion Sanders showing off his PRIME TIME clothes in his new </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> commercial color photo: Deion Sanders in a swimming pool in his new </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> commercial.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_25"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=26>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">67 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">December</span><span class="c2"> 5, 1991, Thursday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">New book follows </span><span class="c8">Nike's</span><span class="c7"> corporate footsteps</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Michael Hiestand</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 4C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">293 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Quit gasping about player contracts such as Bobby Bonilla's $ 29 million deal with the New York Mets. A new book, Swoosh: The Story of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and the Men Who Played There, explains that sports business successes sometimes come with a lot more zeros on the bottom line.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> founder Philip Knight, a former University of Oregon runner who began with little more than an idea from one of his papers in business school, was instantly worth $ 178 million when the Beaverton, Ore., company went public in 1980.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">During Super Bowl XXVI, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> says it will debut a TV ad that pairs Michael Jordan with ''one of the most powerful icons of the 20th century.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But the company's less-cosmic early days, as shown by co-authors J.B. Strasser and her sister, Laurie Becklund, sound a lot more fun:</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- The company's name came to one of the founding workers in a dream. (Knight wanted ''Dimension Six.'')</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> got its air-cushioned shoes only because it listened to an unemployed aerospace researcher ignored by others.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- An art student designed the Swoosh logo for $ 35.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But in detailing </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> ups and downs, the authors are instructive. Women, not to mention minorities, were never in the management loop - even as </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> was dismissing the fledgling aerobics craze as ''fat ladies dancing to music.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">And </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> only survived, arguably, because of early backing from a Japanese creditor - U.S. banks were too timid - and because </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> overcame regulatory interference from the U.S. government. Litigation became </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> standard operating procedure.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The authors conclude that ''the individualism that made </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> different is gone, but so is the spirit that made employees care.'' Then again, today's </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> workers can't just do it - it already has been done.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">PHOTO; b/w<br/>&#160;<br/>CUTLINE: ON THE MONEY: Philip Knight has led </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. from no more than an idea in one of his business school papers to a multimillion-dollar athletic shoe enterprise.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">SPORTS BUSINESS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_26"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=27>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">70 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">May</span><span class="c2"> 23, 1991, Thursday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">BUSINESS PEOPLE;<br/>Coach at Georgetown Will Join </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> Board</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By ANTHONY RAMIREZ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section D; Page 4; Column 5; Financial Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">366 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., which has been under fire from some blacks, named John Thompson, Georgetown University's head basketball coach, who is black, to its board of directors yesterday.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is one of the world's largest sellers of athletic shoes. Among its most enthusiastic customers are urban teen-agers, many of whom are black. Last year, Operation PUSH, a civil rights group founded by the Rev. Jesse Jackson, charged that </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> did not hire enough blacks.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> In August, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> pledged to name a someone from a minority to its 11-member board within a year. Liz Dolan, a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> spokeswoman, said that adding a minority member had been planned for some time.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Of </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> 4,500 employees, about 8.5 percent are black, Ms. Dolan said. </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> based in Beaverton, Ore., markets shoes that are manufactured by independent contractors elsewhere, typically in the Far East, and does not, therefore, have a large factory work force.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mr. Thompson's teams have been in every N.C.A.A. tournament since 1979 and the 1984 team won the N.C.A.A. national championship. He has been a consultant to </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> since 1980 and has spoken at </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> sales meetings and coaches' clinics and made appearances to promote </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> products in Europe and Asia, where they are less well known than in the United States.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He was also head coach of the United States 1988 Olympic basketball team, and is the second Olympic coach to join </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> board. The first was Bill Bowerman, co-founder of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and an Olympic track and field coach in 1972.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mr. Thompson was not in his office at Georgetown yesterday; a spokesman for the university said he was traveling.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mr. Thompson, 49, is a member of no other corporate board. He will be paid the customary $10,000 annual director's fee and $2,000 for every bimonthly director's meeting he attends.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">While sales of many expensive athletic shoes have languished, those of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> have continued to thrive, although at a slower pace than in earlier years. In the year ended May 31, 1990, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> earned $243 million on annual revenue of $2.2 billion. Analysts said that in the year ending next week, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> robust foreign sales would help lift revenue past $3 billion and earnings close to $300 million.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">NAME: </span><span class="c2">John Thompson</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">May 23, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Photo: John Thompson: </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. (Associated Press)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_27"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=28>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">73 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 11, 1991, Thursday, FINAL EDITION<br/>Correction Appended</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Earnings reports: </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> runs up a record year</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Donna Rosato</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">MONEY; Pg. 3B</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">317 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Despite stumbling in the fourth quarter, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. Wednesday reported record earnings and revenue for its fiscal year ended May 31. The nation's largest maker of athletic shoes said annual revenue rose</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
</div>
<table class="c12">
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">36%&#160;to&#160;$ 3&#160;billion&#160;from&#160;&#160;&#160;$ 2.2&#160;billion&#160;last&#160;year.&#160;Net&#160;income&#160;rose&#160;18%&#160;to</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14">&#160;</td></tr>
</table>
<div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">$ 287 million, or $ 3.77 a share, vs. $ 243 million, or $ 3.21 a share, in 1990.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Piper Jaffray repeated its strong buy recommendation after </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> spoke optimistically about the current quarter. In </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> fourth quarter, net income fell 13% to $ 58.6 million, or 76 cents a share, vs.</span></p>
</div>
<table class="c12">
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">$ 67.2&#160;million,&#160;or&#160;89&#160;cents&#160;a&#160;share,&#160;last&#160;year.&#160;Revenue&#160;rose&#160;&#160;&#160;18%&#160;to</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14">&#160;</td></tr>
</table>
<div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">$ 719 million, vs. $ 609 million.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Chairman Philip Knight said half of </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> fiscal 1991 growth came from abroad, where revenue jumped 80% to $ 862 million. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shares rose 1 1/4 to $ 42 1/2.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Other earnings Wednesday:</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">2nd qtr. - Abbott Laboratories, net income of $ 268.3 million vs. $ 240.2 million (+12%), per share 63 cents vs. 55 cents (+15%); CBS, operating income of $ 50.7 million vs. $ 138 million (-63%), per share $ 3.31 vs. $ 5.36 (-38%); Federal National Mortgage Association, net income of $ 331.5 million vs. $ 320 million (+4%), per share $ 1.21 vs. $ 1.10 (+10%); Motorola, net income of $ 119 million vs. $ 161 million (-26%), per share 90 cents vs. $ 1.22 (-26%); Student Loan Marketing Association, net income of $ 64.7 million vs. $ 74 million (-13%), per share 87 cents vs. 72 cents (+21%); Vons, operating income of $ 15.8 million vs. $ 10.4 million (+52%), per share 40 cents vs. 27 cents (+48%).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">3rd qtr. - King World Productions, net income of $ 16 million vs. $ 14.2 million (+13%), per share 40 cents vs. 36 cents (+11%).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">4th qtr. - ConAgra, net income of $ 99.4 million vs. $ 73.5 million (+35%), per share 65 cents vs. 59 cents (+10%).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> KNIGHT: Optimistic outlook.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">CORRECTION-DATE: </span><span class="c2">July 15, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">CORRECTION: </span><span class="c2">Student Loan Marketing Association had a net income of $ 84. 7 million, or 87 cents a share in the second quarter, vs. $ 74 million, or 72 cents a share, in the quarter a year ago. The earnings were misstated Wednesday. Correction ran 7/15/91.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">PHOTO; b/w</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_28"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=29>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">74 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Herald Sun</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 25, 1992 Wednesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Bananarun a real feet for </span><span class="c8">Nike</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">153 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">RUNNING 14.5km may seem a masochistic way of developing camaraderie in the workplace, but the staff at sports footwear company </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> swear by it.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> will be one of many companies combining an office barbeque with the 14.5km Herald-Sun Bananarun from Williamstown to Gosch's paddock near Richmond station on April 12.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> promotions manager and former AFL umpire George Lawler says as many 20 </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> employees will run the 14.5km before relaxing with a 8earned barbie on the banks of the Yarra.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "The Herald-Sun Bananarun is a great way for us all to enjoy the benefits of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> sportswear while we take on the challenge of running 14.5km," Lawlor said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Entry forms for the run are available from BP service stations and Foodplus stores.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Competitors can park near the finish and catch a train from Richmond station to Newport station, just near the start at The Strand in Williamstown.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> END OF STORY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 27, 2003</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Bananas . . . </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> team members Bindi Klemke, Cartha McKerrow, FionaRogers and George Lawler.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2">DHS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Nationwide News Pty Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_29"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=30>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">78 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 17, 1992, Tuesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike's</span><span class="c7"> 'Karma'</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">by Jeffry Scott</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS; Section C; Page 2</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">124 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Another "revolutionary" shoe. Another John Lennon song.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc.'s new Air Huarache ads strike a familiar chord with fans of sneaker ads and Mr. Lennon's music.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">The new TV ads feature the song "Instant Karma" from Mr. Lennon's days with the Plastic Ono Band, after he left the Beatles.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In 1988, after a legal hassle, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> agreed to stop using an original recording of the Lennon-Paul McCartney song "Revolution" in its commercials.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">There is no legal dispute this time, according to </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">. "Instant Karma" is licensed by Lenono Music and authorized by Yoko Ono, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> spokesman Dusty Kidd said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> said the new campaign is a "celebration of some of the self- empowering tools of life: preparation, commitment, teamwork and fitness."</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">March 18, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_30"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=31>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">80 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Globe and Mail (Canada)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">December</span><span class="c2"> 30, 1991 Monday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">NEWS BULLETINS   Settlement reached</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">GAM</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">99 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">Los Angeles CA </span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">LOS ANGELES<br/> Rivals </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. and L.A. Gear Inc. say they have settled their legal<br/>battles over patents for their high-tech basketball shoes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">    The settlement, which came yesterday, provides no monetary compensation<br/>to either company. Other terms were not released.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> agreed to dismiss its claims that L.A. Gear's Catapult shoe<br/>technology infringes on </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> patent rights and to take no further legal<br/>action.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Beaverton, Ore.-based </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> agreed to dismiss its counterclaims that six<br/>models of L.A. Gear's basketball shoes infringed on patents of </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> Air<br/>Jordan shoes and take no further legal action.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">January 9, 2007</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">PUBLICATION-TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Newspaper</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.<br/>All Rights Reserved</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_31"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=32>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">82 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">December</span><span class="c2"> 7, 1992, Monday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">DOWN THE AISLES OF A MEGASTORE // A showcase for </span><span class="c8">Nike,</span><span class="c7"> Sony</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Ellen Neuborne</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">MONEY; Pg. 3B</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">376 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">CHICAGO</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> This city has two examples of the purest form of megastore - a store devoted to just one brand.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town Chicago showcases the range of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> products, representing 20 sports. But where megastores end with vast size and selection, stores such as </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town add theatrics.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Peter Alles of Columbia, Mo., was admiring goods in one of three basketball departments. ''This is different from a mall sports store, where they've already decided what to show you,'' he says. ''My son is downstairs, enthralled by the Aquasocks display.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Aquasocks display includes a 22-foot tank of tropical fish. The floor is made of video screens running water images. It's called a video pond. Sean Alles, 11, was so impressed by the pond, he ignored full-sized athlete mannequins suspended from the three-story ceiling, a regulation-height basketball hoop with a massive photo backdrop of Michael Jordan, even a display of Batman's boot, designed by </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town and many other one-brand stores charge full price to avoid angering their regular retailers. But few visitors leave without bags. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town T-shirts are one of the top sellers. Two more </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Towns are planned this spring in Atlanta and Orange County, Calif.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Next door is Sony Gallery of Consumer Electronics. The store displays Sony's full line and its newest technologies, such as an XBR(2) Trinitron TV. ''This is a showcase, for our customers, even for our retailers, to see Sony products at their best,'' says Sony's Rick Clancy. Other features: a home entertainment center, complete with wall-size movie screen; an auto-like room for sampling car stereo products; Walkman stereos set up with batteries and tapes fill half the second floor.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Another designer store with big dreams is the Barbie Boutique in F.A.O. Schwarz 's flagship in New York. Like the others, Barbie Boutique is a chance to showcase the vast array of products. A 3-foot-tall My Size Barbie skates on tracks near the ceiling. Barbie clothes for doll and child and specialty dolls from Madis on Avenue Barbie to Empress Bride Barbie fill the store. -</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''We're looking to expand this idea; we think it will have great appeal in many sites,'' says Mattel's Donna Gibbs. ''It could be as popular as The Disney Store.''</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">PHOTO, b/w<br/>&#160;<br/>CUTLINE: </span><span class="c4">NIKE</span><span class="c2"> TOWN: Provides theatrics as well as products.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">GIANTS OF RETAILING; Megastores are cropping up among all sorts of retail categories. Everything from computers to kids' clothing is showing up in those experimental stores. Some companies have big expansion plans.  Others plan to open just one or two big stores as a showcase for their own products. USA TODAY reporters took a look at a few of the early leaders in the megastore trend.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_32"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=33>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">85 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">September</span><span class="c2"> 8, 1991, Sunday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">BOBBY CREMINS'S INCOME; </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> provides $ 130,000 a year, other benefits</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By David Davidson Staff writersalaries; georgia/tech; leaders; sports; basketball</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; SECTION F; PAGE 03</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">520 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Bobby Cremins was paid more by </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> ($ 130,000) than he earned in&#160;salary as Georgia Tech's basketball coach ($ 105,000) in 1990.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The greatest portion of Cremins's income - $ 162,878 - came from his&#160;television show.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Cremins's agreement with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> consists of two parts - consulting and&#160;appearances on behalf of the shoe company. And because the Georgia&#160;Supreme Court ruled Cremins's personal appearances on behalf of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> are&#160;not subject to the Open Records Act, the $ 130,000 does not include any&#160;income he might receive for those appearances.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Despite the ruling by Fulton County Superior Court Judge Frank Hull,&#160;which was upheld by the Georgia Supreme Court, Cremins maintained, "I&#160;consider this disclosure of documents pertaining to his athletically&#160;related outside income an invasion of my privacy."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Cremins's income does not include the value of perquisites such as&#160;the use of a luxury automobile, membership in the Indian Hills Country&#160;Club and health/life insurance, all provided by the athletics&#160;association.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Here are some stipulations in the five-year </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> contract Cremins&#160;signed on June 16, 1987:</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- If Tech is put on probation by the NCAA which results in a&#160;prohibition of TV appearances, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> can reduce the $ 130,000 annual&#160;payment to $ 65,000 during the probation period.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- Cremins receives up to $ 4,000 (wholesale value) in </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">&#160;merchandise for use at his summer camps and clinics and up to $ 2,500&#160;(retail value) of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> merchandise for his personal use, plus "such&#160;quantities of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> basketball shoes as he may reasonably request for his&#160;own personal use." Three assistants each get $ 500 in merchandise.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- Tech receives 135 pairs of shoes for the men's basketball team and&#160;one set of practice apparel for each team member.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- Cremins agrees to "make </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoes available to members of the&#160;Georgia Tech men's basketball team, to be worn during practices, games,&#160;clinics and other occasions in which team members wear basketball shoes.&#160;. . . shall describe to members of the team the advantage of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">&#160;basketball shoes and suggest they wear </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> basketball shoes."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> agrees not to advertise the fact Tech's team endorses </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">&#160;products or "in any other way advertise or indicate that </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> athletic&#160;shoes are the official shoe' " of the team.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- Cremins agrees to advise Tech president Patrick Crecine and/or&#160;athletics director Homer Rice of the income he receives from </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, and to&#160;secure the administration's approval of the stipulations and approval&#160;that permission for the team to wear </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has the right to terminate the contract if Cremins is&#160;convicted of a felony or "publicly admits the use of cocaine or other&#160;illegal hard drugs specifically excluding marijuana ," if Cremins ceases&#160;to be head coach at Tech or another "major" Division I team or if the&#160;program receives a "death penalty" sentence from the NCAA.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Cremins's income does not include the value of perquisites such as&#160;the use of a luxury automobile, membership in the Indian Hills Country&#160;Club and health/life insurance, all provided by the athletics&#160;association.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">February 10, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_33"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=34>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">87 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">January</span><span class="c2"> 30, 1992, Thursday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">COMPANY NEWS;<br/>Avia Widens Suit Against </span><span class="c8">Nike</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Bloomberg Business News</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section D; Page 4; Column 1; Financial Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">103 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">PORTLAND, Ore., Jan. 29</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Avia Group International Inc., a sports apparel company, broadened its patent infringement suit against </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., saying the rival company used a basketball-shoe sole on which Avia holds a patent.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Avia, based in Portland, filed the initial suit in Federal District Court here last year, contending that </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> Air 180 running shoes infringed three Avia patents. In the amended claim, Avia said </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> had also infringed its patents with its Air 180 and Airforce 180 basketball models. The suit seeks unspecified damages and a permanent injunction. </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> based in Beaverton, Ore., had no immediate comment.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">January 30, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_34"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=35>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">90 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 23, 1992, Thursday,</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">DAILY: TORONTO EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> loses battle, may win war</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SECTION 4, INSIDE SPORT; Pg. 40, Olympic Notebook</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">104 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;&#160;&#160; American athletes expect to wear their </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> apparel at the Olympics, even though a Spanish court rejected </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> final appeal in a multimillion-dollar trademark feud, the U.S. Olympic Committee said yesterday.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> ''We would hope this court would not attempt to dictate to any athlete from any nation what competitive gear they would wear in these Games,'' the USOC said. ''We would view that as extremely hostile and beyond their jurisdiction.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> But a lawyer for the Spanish firm that owns the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> trademark in Spain says the court decision definitively prohibits athletes from wearing the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> name.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 6, 1997</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2"> Photo: Barcelona apartment dwellers peer at a giant </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> poster of Ukrainian pole vaulter Sergei Bubka. Despite a court ruling rejecting the company's appeal, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> clothing will be worn at least by U.S. athletes.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">COLUMN</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Financial Post Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_35"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=36>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">92 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 25, 1992, Saturday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">COMPANY NEWS: Saving Battered Soles;<br/>Sneakers Find an Afterlife As </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> Starts Recycling</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Bloomberg Business News</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section 1; Page 37; Column 3; Financial Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">272 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">BEAVERTON, Ore., July 24</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sneaker fads may be fleeting, but athletic shoes may last for decades. That's why </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. is introducing sneakers made of recycled materials.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> the country's largest athletic shoe manufacturer, said that starting in the spring it would sell a new version of its Air Escape Low shoes with soles made of about 20 percent recycled materials. The shoes, to be priced at $75, will be sold in boxes made of recycled paper.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> whose sales in the fiscal year 1992 totaled $3.41 billion, wants to prevent old sneakers from building up in landfills and other waste-disposal sites. Last year, 388 million pairs of athletic shoes were sold, according to an article in the current issue of Omni magazine.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">At first, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> plans to recycle its defective footwear, but it is applying for a patent for its technology to re-use old sneakers. The process involves a giant Cuisinart that grinds whole shoes into small bits that will later be used in material for new soles.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Once our patent application is accepted, we'll make that technology available to any other shoe company in the world that wants it," a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> spokesman, Dusty Kidd, said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">By the fall of 1993, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> intends the seven styles it makes for outdoor sports to have soles made of recycled material, a company spokeswoman said. The next step would be to use recycled materials in its basketball shoes, aerobic shoes and running shoes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Maybe at some point -- way in the future -- we'll have a system where shoes can be 100 percent recycled, where you never throw a pair away," Mr. Kidd said. "You'd always take them back like bottles or other common recyclables."</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">July 25, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_36"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=37>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">95 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 22, 1991, Friday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">COMPANY NEWS;<br/>L.A. Gear Files </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> Countersuit</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Reuters</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section D; Page 4; Column 2; Financial Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">131 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">LOS ANGELES, March 21</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">L.A. Gear Inc. filed a $3 billion lawsuit today against </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., charging </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> with trying to monopolize the market for high-tech sneakers and drive L.A. Gear out of business. The countersuit was filed after </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> sued L.A. Gear last month for patent infringement. L.A. Gear, based in Los Angeles, accuses </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> of trying to monopolize the high-technology basketball shoe market. L.A. Gear denied that its new Catapult shoe technology infringed any patents.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In its suit, filed in Federal court on Feb. 15, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> contended that six models of basketball shoes sold by L.A. Gear infringed patents for </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> Air Jordan shoes, which are endorsed by the basketball star Michael Jordan. Officials from </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> based in Beaverton, Ore., were not available for comment on L.A. Gear's suit.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">March 22, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_37"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=38>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">98 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 6, 1992, Monday,</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">WEEKLY EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> tripped up as Olympics near</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Peter Bruce Financial Times of London</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 9</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">282 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">Madrid, Spain</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., the U.S. sports shoe and fashion giant, is facing a painful Olympics in Barcelona later this month after a ruling by Spain's highest court that it cannot advertise its products in Spain and that its sponsored athletes at the Games may not wear its flashy logo.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Choosing their moment with deadly precision, two Catalonians have gone to the courts claiming that they have had the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> name, and an emblem very similar to that of the U.S. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> company, registered in Spain since 1932.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">The court bought their story. The two are said to be asking US$30 million for ''their'' trademark.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> was not available for comment late Friday, but its Spanish representatives have appealed against the June 30 ruling by the Constitutional Court (Barcelona branch). Their problem is that the wheels of Spanish justice grind slowly and the Games are just three weeks away.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Expansion, the Spanish newspaper that unearthed the ruling, is quoting local representatives of the U.S. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> company as saying the damage to the company would be ''irreversible and irreparable'' if its athletes are not able to sport the company logo during the games.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> While the ruling does not mean that Michael Jordan will have to compete without his shoes on, it could mean that TV closeups of their victorious heaving chests will be free of advertising. It also means </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> would have to take down its hoardings in Barcelona and the rest of Spain.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> was planning to use the Games to help launch a multimillion-dollar new range of sports clothes in the autumn.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> It proved impossible Friday to locate the two legal owners of the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> mark in Spain, Juan Amigo Freixas and Flora Bertrand Mata.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 6, 1997</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">SERIES</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Financial Post Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_38"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=39>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">100 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 11, 1991, Thursday,</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">DAILY EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike's</span><span class="c7"> revenue jumps</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Financial Times of London and Financial Post news services</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SECTION 3, THE MARKETS; Pg. 17, INTERNATIONAL COMPANY NEWS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">105 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Sneaker maker </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc.'s revenue for fiscal 1991 exceeded US$3 billion (C$3.4 billion).</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Of the US$768 million in revenue growth during the year, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> said nearly half was generated by international operations. Total international revenue was US$862 million, up 80% from last year's US$480 million.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> also said worldwide orders for athletic footwear and apparel scheduled for delivery between June and November of this year total US$1.4 billion, up 9% from the same period a year earlier.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The Beaverton, Ore. company said its fourth-quarter results include a 6% decline in domestic footwear revenue.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 6, 1997</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">NEWS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Financial Post Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_39"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=40>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">102 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 17, 1992, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">THE MEDIA BUSINESS;<br/></span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> Profit Rises 16.7%</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">AP</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section D; Page 23; Column 1; Financial Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">181 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">BEAVERTON, Ore., March 16</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., the athletic shoe and apparel marketer, said today that its earnings rose 16.7 percent in its third quarter, helped by strong international sales.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> net income for the three-month period that ended Feb. 29 was $82.5 million, or $1.08 a share, up from $70.7 million, or 93 cents a share, in the corresponding period last year.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Sales increased 8 percent, to $867 million from $802.2 million.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Earnings were helped, the company said, by strong overseas sales, which increased 27 percent, to $254 million. Sales were up 59 percent in Germany, 38 percent in Italy, 30 percent in France and 76 percent in Asia, the company said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> said its domestic footwear sales rose 2 percent, to $478 million, while sales of athletic apparel in the United States fell 3 percent, to $97.2 million.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"In the U.S., where we have maintained our 31 percent market share, future orders indicate renewed domestic growth will occur in our next quarter," Philip Knight, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> chairman, said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> share price fell $3.625 today, to close at $70.50, on the New York Stock Exchange.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">March 17, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_40"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=41>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">103 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">December</span><span class="c2"> 27, 1991, Friday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">THE MEDIA BUSINESS: ADVERTISING;<br/>In the Year of the Soft Sell: The Subtle and The Dubious</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section D; Page 5; Column 1; Financial Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">1315 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Does It Again</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Wieden &amp; Kennedy Inc., the Portland, Ore., agency that coined the anthemic phrase "just do it" for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., has taken its own advice. It has produced one of the year's most admired campaigns -- again.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is the high-water mark in American advertising," said Andy Berlin, a principal at Goodby, Berlin &amp; Silverstein in San Francisco.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Saluting the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> campaign's "style and 'cool' factor," Nat Whitten, co-creative director of Weiss, Whitten, Carroll, Stagliano in New York, added that Wieden's advertising "isn't just to shock or get attention; it sells the product."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Among this year's lauded ads for </span><span class="c4">Nike:</span><span class="c2"> a nostalgic, low-key television commercial shown during Super Bowl XXV; print ads that talked to, not at, women, in a sensitive, respectful manner, and a series of humorous "Bo Show" spots, which defied predictions that Bo Jackson's football injury would end his effectiveness as a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> endorser.<br/>&#160;<br/>Pepsi Gets a Prize Slogan</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Does Diet Pepsi have the right one, baby? Indubitably. (You were expecting "Uh-huh"?)</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The slickly produced campaign for the Pepsi-Cola soft drink, by BBDO Worldwide in New York, has spawned an upbeat national catch phrase during a less-than-upbeat year. The campaign's slogan -- "You got the right one baby, uh-huh," half-sung, half-growled by Ray Charles -- has been added to the vernacular, and has been placed on Diet Pepsi containers. The advertising was "a step ahead," said James Patterson, chairman of J. Walter Thompson North America in New York.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The campaign marked another victory in its psychological warfare with Coca-Cola. Coke outsells Pepsi. But Pepsi often out-advertises and out-markets Coke.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"For Coca-Cola, I haven't noticed any spots all year," said Nat Whitten, co-creative director of Weiss, Whitten, Carroll, Stagliano in New York. "Yet I've noticed all the Pepsi spots."<br/>&#160;<br/>Nuprin's Luck With Endorser</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Finding an outstanding campaign in the pill-and-pain category is like fishing a diamond ring out of a box of Cracker Jack. Yet J. Walter Thompson USA in New York managed that feat with advertising for Bristol-Myers Squibb's Nuprin brand of ibuprofen.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Nupe it with Nuprin," the campaign urged, and consumers heeded that call to self-medicate, as sales of the brand, previously sluggish, began to rise.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The campaign won praise for another rarity, signing a spokesman from the sports world who was actually well suited for the product. Of course, it was sweet serendipity that the endorser, the aging tennis star Jimmy Connors, unexpectedly stormed his way into the U.S. Open semifinals just as the campaign started.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">One complaint: the unfortunate play on words between "Nupe" and "Nuke." Some say the campaign works despite that; others say that is exactly what makes the ads work.<br/>&#160;<br/>Auto Themes: Safe and Frugal</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Two unorthodox automotive campaigns drew raves, though the plaudits were far from unanimous.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">For Volvo Cars of North America, Messner Vetere Berger Carey Schmetterer in New York played single-mindedly on motorists' anxieties about safety, using the theme "Drive Safely." It is "the best tagline," said Jeff Atlas, chairman of Atlas Citron Haligman &amp; Bedecarre in San Francisco. "Very simple and very appropriate."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Some executives were put off by the suggestion that parents who love their children drive only Volvos. Some also saw the campaign's attack on mini-vans as an unfair swipe at Chrysler.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The other campaign was for Subaru of America's 1992 models, by Wieden &amp; Kennedy. A refreshing dose of reality infused the campaign, which debunked traditional auto-advertising obsessions with status, power and glamour. One spot, startling in its candor, depicted people who pay a lot for trophy cars as shallow, vain and deep in debt.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But the campaign theme, "what to drive," came under fire. "It takes itself so seriously in trying to be different," said Marty Weiss, co-creative director of Weiss, Whitten, Carroll, Stagliano in New York.<br/>&#160;<br/>Challenge of the 90's: Credit Cards</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The red-hot debate raging over the new American Express green card campaign has ad folks arguing until they are blue in the face. For now, color the prevailing judgments dark.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Donny Deutsch, executive vice president and creative director of Deutsch Inc. in New York, belittled the advertising's "spend, spend, spend, isn't-life-fun, yuppie attitude." He and others cited ads by Chiat/Day/Mojo Inc. in New York that celebrate frivolities like flying the Concorde.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"The creative strikes me as sophomoric," said Jay Schulberg, executive vice president and executive creative head of Bozell Inc. in New York.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Samuel J. Chisholm, president of the Mingo Group Inc. in New York, is "not sure this approach is direct enough -- and I carry two American Express cards."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Others, less negative, argue that the campaign will evolve. They say it would do better to focus on a theme found in some of the ads, which present the card as a powerful financial tool with flexible spending limits and no revolving-interest charges.<br/>&#160;<br/>Not Much Memorable From Detroit</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> This was not a good year for Detroit. Nor was it a good year for Detroit's advertising.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"It's no wonder G.M. is closing 21 plants, with the kind of advertising they do," said Nat Whitten, co-creative director of Weiss, Whitten, Carroll, Stagliano in New York.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Among the most castigated campaigns: the muddled, meaningless theme for Oldsmobile, "the power of intelligent engineering," by the Leo Burnett Company in Chicago, and the nearly invisible advertising for Chrysler's struggling Plymouth division, by Bozell Inc. in Birmingham, Mich.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A notable exception was the advertising by Hal Riney &amp; Partners in San Francisco for General Motors' Saturn division, which was warmly applauded for its intelligent appeals to car buyers.<br/>&#160;<br/>'News' Approach Raises Questions</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> A series of television commercials by McCann-Erickson in New York for the Vaseline line of skin-care lotions was cited by some as a dubious achievement in deceit.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The spots featured Joan Lunden, the co-host of ABC's "Good Morning America," in what seemed to be news reports on skin care. The spots used elements of news shows, like an anchor desk and on-screen logos, which cloaked their commercial nature.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"If you're trying to build credibility for a product, you don't do it by creating a fake news show," said Jeff Atlas, chairman of Atlas Citron Haligman &amp; Bedecarre in San Francisco. "You're trying to trick me, and I don't like being tricked."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The pitfalls of such spots were underscored on Dec. 19, when one turned up during ABC's news magazine "Prime Time Live." The network, which had barred the spots from running during news programs, apologized for the error.<br/>&#160;<br/>Testing the Limits on Bare Flesh</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The notorious, nude-filled advertising supplement for Calvin Klein jeans drew lots of gawkers. Most agreed that the emperor, too, wore no clothes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The supplement, created by Mr. Klein's in-house advertising department, was included in a plastic bag wrapped around selected copies of the October issue of Vanity Fair magazine -- a "polybagged outsert" in the industry's picturesque jargon. Inside, 116 pages of black-and-white photographs depicted pouty young men, pretending to be members of a rock band, preening in various states of undress.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It symbolized advertising's never-ending efforts to test the limits in using sex, and skin, to sell products.  But people on both sides of that issue thought the campaign was artless.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"It stood for everything that missed the mark," said Donny Deutsch, creative director of Deutsch Inc. in New York. He decried the advertising's supplement's "decadent sexuality" as "so 80's."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Nat Whitten, co-creative director of Weiss, Whitten, Carroll, Stagliano in New York, termed it "out of touch." His special peeve: "They didn't show the models how to hold the guitars right."</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">December 27, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_41"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=42>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">108 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 16, 1992, Thursday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> Inc. has a lot on line</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">AP-CP</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. F5</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">564 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The Spanish government has vowed to help </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. in the trademark dispute threatening to make a shambles of the company's multi-million dollar Olympic ad campaign, officials said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In a letter sent this week to the European Commission, Spanish officials promised to ask a Barcelona judge to allow </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> to post bond in the case, an official at the Ministry of Industry, Commerce and Tourism said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">That arrangement would allow the Beaverton, Ore., company to sell and advertise its sports apparel in Spain while awaiting a final court decision in the trademark conflict.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The letter, however, warns that "the judiciary in Spain is independent of the executive and is not obliged to comply with the request," the official said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">There was no immediate response from the courts.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Commission had asked the Spanish government to help </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> fight the Barcelona judge's standing order prohibiting it from selling clothing in Spain - an injunction that also might prevent the U.S. track and field team from wearing </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> uniforms at the Barcelona Games, which open July 25.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> paid a multi-million dollar figure to put its name on the U.S. and Algerian track teams at the Olympics.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But just who owns that name is being fiercely disputed in Spain by lawyer Juan Amigo Freixas, who holds a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> trademark registered in 1932 by a Barcelona sock maker, and Cidesport, a former </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> distributor that has indirectly acquired marketing rights to Amigo's trademark.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Two courts have upheld the Barcelona judge's injunction despite the fact </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> was awarded its own trademark in Spain in July 1990.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has estimated it stands to lose $ 20 million in sales in Spain alone - and many times that worldwide - if it cannot advertise its new line of clothing at the Games.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">OFFICIALS BANNED</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Authorities have banned Ivan Slavkov, head of Bulgaria's Olympic committee and son-in-law of former Communist strongman Todor Zhivkov, from travelling to the Barcelona Olympics.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Yordanka Vandova, Slavkov's lawyer, said Wednesday the Sofia prosecutor had issued a letter saying Slavkov's passport was withdrawn July 8, and he could not fly to Barcelona as planned Wednesday.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Slavkov, an International Olympic Committee member since 1987, was scheduled to attend an IOC finance meeting in Barcelona today before accompanying Bulgarian athletes at the games, Vandova said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Slavkov was charged with embezzling $ 304 from the Bulgarian Olympic Committee in January, 1990, shortly after his father-in-law was ousted by reform Communists.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">ATHLETE PUMPED</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Stella Umeh, the diminutive gymnast bound for Barcelona, looked out over a sea of young faces and let it be known how she felt about a sendoff for Olympic athletes Wednesday afternoon.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"This is cool, really cool."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Umeh, all of five feet, 100 pounds, takes off for the Olympic Games today knowing she's no longer a stranger to a bunch of fans in the country's largest city.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"This should really be a confidence boost for us," she said of a barbecue, fashion-show pep rally put on by various Olympic sponsors outside a downtown shopping centre in Toronto. "It's nice to know this many people care about us."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Umeh and her gymnastic teammates depart this morning for Spain. Other members of Canada's team are already in Europe, while others pass through Toronto in the next few days before travelling to Barcelona.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">July 17, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 CanWest Interactive, a division of<br/>CanWest Global Communications Corp.<br/>All Rights Reserved</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_42"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=43>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">109 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Marketing News TM</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">January</span><span class="c2"> 21, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike's</span><span class="c7"> quarterly earnings up 58%</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">by the Associated Press</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Pg. 8</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">159 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">Beaverton, Ore.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc.'s second-quarter earnings were up 58% from the same period last year, chairman Philip Knight said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The strong earnings report comes despite a nationwide boycott of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> products called by Operation PUSH last August.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> net income for the three months ended Nov. 30 was $ 58 million, or 77 cents a share.  During the same quarter last year, the company earned $ 37 million, or 49 cents per share.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Revenues for the second quarter increased 46% to $ 649 million from $ 446 million in the previous year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I think our numbers speak for themselves," said </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> spokeswoman Liz Dolan.  Retailers were showing confidence in </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> despite the boycott and general fears of a recession, she said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> said minorities compose 16% of its work force, up from 11% in January 1989.  The company said it recruits at black colleges and has made many other efforts to help minorities.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> plans to add a minority member to its board by July.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 American Marketing Association</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_43"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=44>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">110 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">February</span><span class="c2"> 8, 1991, Friday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">SPORTS BUSINESS;<br/>Reebok ads have </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> considering suit</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Michael Hiestand</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 2C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">386 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> There are famous new voices in the ongoing jibes between Reebok and </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In a new $ 20 million ad campaign for its Pump sneakers, Reebok airs six TV spots using athletes as spokesmen.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Both companies say it's the first time athlete endorsers have taken shots at the competition. It has also prompted </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> to consider legal action, says </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> ad manager Scott Bedbury, because ''after a callous attack, you can't sit on the sidelines.''</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Reebok ads implicitly tweak </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> endorsers. Consumers are meant to think of </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> Michael Jordan when Reebok's Dominique Wilkins says, ''Michael, my man, if you want to fly first class,'' switch to Pumps. Reebok decathlete Dave Johnson says, ''I'm the man who knows cross-training,'' not </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> Bo Jackson. Reebok's Boomer Esiason is more direct: ''Boomer knows something that Bo don't know.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> Bedbury says, ''It saddens us to see (endorsers) misused or abused. ... This doesn't bode well for the ad industry.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Reebok marketing vice president David Ropes says the ads just reflect reality. ''Athletes' egos are so huge they needle each other. This banter is their professional jargon. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is just blowing smoke.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Where there's smoke, there's publicity - and that helps both companies. ''In the world of competitive noise, both of us benefit,'' says Reebok's Ropes. ''We're battling for a share of consumers' minds.''<br/>&#160;<br/> PUNCH PITCH: The World Boxing Council is considering selling licensed merchandise and might even try to improve its image through a consumer ad campaign. The WBC, a leading boxing sanctioning group, has hired the New York ad agency Taylor-Gordon, Aarons &amp; Co. to publicize its pension programs and support of medical research. ... Arnold Schwarzenegger appears in free-market economist Milton Friedman's five-part TV series Free to Choose, starting Sunday on CNBC. ''I came from a socialistic country, Austria, (where) you can hear 18-year-old kids already talking about their pension. But me, I wanted more.'' ... ... Junior college quarterback John Kaleo, who signed Wednesday with University of Maryland, shows how sponsors can leave an impression. ''The Weed Eater Bowl,'' Kaleo told The (Baltimore) Sun, ''solidified my decision.'' Maryland tied Louisiana Tech 34-34 in the Poulan/Weed Eater Independence Bowl last December.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Sportstalk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_44"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=45>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">112 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 7, 1992 Tuesday Final Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> Inc. appeals court ruling</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SOURCE: </span><span class="c2">FROM ASSOCIATED PRESS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. E5</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">521 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">MADRID</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., which paid millions to put its name on the U.S. track and field team's uniforms at the Barcelona Olympics, is appealing a stunning high court decision that bars the advertising or sale of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> apparel in Spain, a company attorney said yesterday.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Spain's Constitutional Court last week refused to lift a lower court order prohibiting the Beaverton, Oregon-based sports apparel company from using the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> name on clothing because a Barcelona firm registered the trademark first in 1932.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., whose shoes are not affected by the ruling, has planned to use the Olympics promotional campaign to launch a new line of sports clothes.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">If further legal actions fail -- and if the courts rule the injunction bars U.S. athletes from wearing </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> uniforms -- the firm stands to lose $20 million in sales in Spain alone and many times that sum worldwide, according to company documents.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We do not believe we've lost the battle by any means, much less the war," said John Faylor, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> European lawyer.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But the decision clearly left </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> at a disadvantage in its long-running dispute with Juan Amigo Freixas, the Barcelona lawyer who bought the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> name from the original registrant, who briefly made socks during the 1930s.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Amigo has reportedly asked </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> for $30 million for rights to the brand, according to Faylor, who has called the Spaniard a "pirate."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Amigo refused to divulge his demands in a recent interview. He said the injunction would prevent </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> from carrying out its Olympics promotion.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, however, claims the decision won't keep athletes from wearing its name when the Games open July 25.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The International Olympic Committee does not consider the uniforms to be a form of advertising or promotion, Faylor said in a telephone interview from Frankfurt.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The arguments against </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> could be strong, however.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In documents filed with the Constitutional Court and the U.S. Trade Representative, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> itself raised the Olympics sponsorship issue to argue that retaining the injunction would cause irreparable damage to the company.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">And since </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> paid millions to The Athletics Congress -- the governing body of U.S. track -- for the right to dress the athletes in </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> gear, the Spanish courts may not look kindly on the company's claim that its sponsorship was mere altruism.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"</span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> sponsorship of the U.S. track and field team during the 1992 Olympic Games is a central component of </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> long-term international marketing strategy," </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> attorneys wrote the Washington-based U.S. Trade Representative in April.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The prospect of missing out on the Games is particularly painful since Reebok, a fierce competitor in shoes and apparel, is providing the uniforms that all U.S. athletes -- including </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> spokesman Michael Jordan -- will wear on the awards podium if they win medals.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In the meantime, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is hoping the Constitutional Court reverses itself -- quickly, with the Olympics less than three weeks away.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Constitutional Court -- having spoken only on </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> motion to lift the injunction -- has yet to rule on the validity of Amigo's 60-year-old trademark.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">October 4, 2002</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Metroland Media Group Ltd</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_45"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=46>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">114 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Hobart Mercury</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 23, 1992 Thursday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">332 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Legal rebuff to </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> Games plans Madrid </span><span class="c4">NIKE</span><span class="c2"> Incorporated has suffered a major setback in its trademark battle with a Spanish lawyer who has vowed to prevent the US track and field team from wearing </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> name at the Barcelona Games.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">With the Olympics set to open on Saturday and </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> counting on US athletes to show off its new clothing line, a Barcelona court refused to lift its order barring </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> from selling or advertising its sports apparel in Spain.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The decision left the US company with few short-term options in its court wrangle with a lawyer, Mr Juan Amigo, who bought the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> trademark in 1981 from a Barcelona sock company that registered it as a trademark 60 years ago.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has repeatedly insisted it would not negotiate with Amigo and his ally, the Barcelona clothing company Cidesport, which has asked around $US25 million ($A33.60 million) for rights to the trademark.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But the two sides are scheduled to meet in Madrid, with the encouragement of American diplomats, according to a US embassy spokesman, Mr Paul Saxton.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> paid a multi-million dollar sum to put its name on the US and Algerian teams in Barcelona.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Its case has been bolstered by the European Commission, which asked the Spanish government last month to convince the court to allow </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> to post a bond allowing the company to sell its apparel while awaiting a final decision.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The United States has also weighed in on </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> behalf, placing Spain on a special trade "watch list" for what US officials consider slack trademark laws and enforcement.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The negotiations may be </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> only chance of following through on its plan to put its name on the Olympic athletes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Company lawyers say the uniforms are not "advertising", and therefore do not fall under the court order.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But Amigo and Cidesport insist the order bars the Olympic athletes from wearing the uniforms.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The injunction was upheld earlier this month by the Constitutional Tribunal, Spain's highest appeals court.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">AP</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 27, 2003</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2">MER</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Nationwide News Pty Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_46"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=47>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">116 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">January</span><span class="c2"> 16, 1992, Thursday,</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">DAILY: TORONTO EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> athletes used steroids: book</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SECTION 4, INSIDE SPORT; Pg. 39, SPORTS SHORTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">80 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">Portland, OR</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Steroid use by </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">-sponsored athletes and widespread<br/> under-the-table payments to amateur competitors are among the allegations in a new book about the athletic shoe and apparel giant. A statement from </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. corporate vice-president Liz Dolan admitted there was truth in some of the stories in the 660-page book - Swoosh, The Story of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and the Men Who Played There by Julie Strasser and Laurie Becklund - but added it's all ''ancient history.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 6, 1997</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">NEWS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Financial Post Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_47"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=48>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">118 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">August</span><span class="c2"> 14, 1992, Friday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">No lease yet</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Chris Burritt STAFF WRITERbusiness; sports; fashion; industry</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS; Section F; Page 1</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">146 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. and Phipps haven't yet signed a lease. But several Phipps tenants said they anticipate a deal soon and that the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town store could open next year.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Officials of Phipps and </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> the sporting goods giant based in Beaverton, Ore., declined comment Thursday.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Tenants, some of whom have talked to </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> officials, said the company likes Atlanta because it is a major sports center. The city is home of the Braves, Hawks and Falcons, and it will host the Super Bowl in 1994 and the Summer Olympics two years later.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Nabbing </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town would give bragging rights to Phipps over other Atlanta malls, including nearby rival Lenox Square. Phipps is in the midst of a $ 140 million renovation and expansion.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Tom Ross, Tiffany's vice president, said </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town would be a major draw and w ould boost traffic in Phipps, which has suffered poor traffic in recent years.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">August 20, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_48"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=49>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">120 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 16, 1992, Thursday,</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">DAILY: NATIONAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> gets help</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SECTION 4, INSIDE SPORT; Pg. 39, Sports Briefs</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">71 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The Spanish government has vowed to help </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. in the trademark dispute threatening to derail its multimillion-dollar Olympic ad campaign. Spanish officials promised to ask a Barcelona judge to allow </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> to post bond in the case, allowing it to sell and advertise its sports apparel in Spain while awaiting a final court decision. A Spanish businessman claims he owns the rights to the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> trademark in Spain.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 6, 1997</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">COLUMN</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Financial Post Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_49"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=50>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">122 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 7, 1992, Tuesday, Final Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">OLYMPICS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">From news services and staff reports</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; PAGE E2; FANFARE</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">181 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., which paid millions to put its name on the U.S. track and field team's uniforms at the Barcelona Olympics, is appealing a stunning high court decision that bars the advertising or sale of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> apparel in Spain, a company attorney said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Spain's Constitutional Court last week refused to lift a lower court order prohibiting the Beaverton, Ore.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">-based sports apparel company from using the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> name on clothing because a Barcelona firm registered the trademark first in 1932.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">If further legal actions fail -- and if the courts rule the injunction bars U.S. athletes from wearing </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> uniforms, the firm stands to lose $ 20 million in sales in Spain alone and many times that sum worldwide, according to company documents. ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Daley Thompson will make a final attempt to qualify for a fifth Olympic Games decathlon Thursday and Friday at an arranged meet in London.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Thompson, the world record-holder and Olympic gold medalist in 1980 and 1988, must achieve the qualifying standard of 7,850 points at the Crystal Palace meet for a place on the British Olympic team.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SERIES: </span><span class="c2">Occasional</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">NATIONAL NEWS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_50"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=51>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">126 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">May</span><span class="c2"> 23, 1992, Saturday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">COMPANY NEWS: Promoting Racial Harmony;<br/></span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> Plans Commercial That Features Spike Lee</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Reuters</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section 1; Page 37; Column 3; Financial Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">267 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">BEAVERTON, Ore., May 22</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. said today that it would begin showing next week a television commercial to promote racial harmony that features Spike Lee, the film maker.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Set in an outdoor basketball court called Spike's Urban Jungle Gym, the advertisement, directed by Mr. Lee, shows black and white basketball players giving reasons for not playing with one another. Mr. Lee steps in to say: "If we're going to live together, we've got to play together."</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The commercial, which also features Tim Hardaway, a Golden State Warriors player, was filmed at an outdoor basketball court in Los Angeles about two weeks before the riots that followed the verdict in the Rodney King case.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The filming was done in an area that later saw some of the worst disturbances. Mr. Lee said the commercial is a reworking of a scene from his 1989 film "Do The Right Thing."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> was criticized last summer by a Chicago-based civil rights group founded by the Rev. Jesse Jackson. The group urged the sneaker maker to increase its hiring of blacks and called for a boycott by the black community.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> said at the time that 8.5 percent of the 4,500 employees in its headquarters here were black.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Eventually, however, the campaign petered out because </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> sneakers had become a virtual uniform for inner-city youths.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The company said in 1990 that 14 percent of its sales were to blacks.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> said it plans to put on sale in August a line of sports apparel inspired by Mr. Lee's Urban Jungle Gym, including jackets, shirts and shorts with slogans like "The Mo' Colors, The Mo's Better" and "Live Together/Play Together."</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">May 23, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_51"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=52>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">127 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">January</span><span class="c2"> 31, 1991, Thursday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">THE MEDIA BUSINESS: ADVERTISING -- ADDENDA;<br/></span><span class="c8">Nike's</span><span class="c7"> 2 Stars Appear In a New Campaign</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By KIM FOLTZ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section D; Page 19; Column 1; Financial Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">204 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Spike Lee and Michael Jordan are back with </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span><span class="c2"> This time, the two are starring in the company's $5 million "Stay in School" campaign.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">One spot, which will begin nationally during the National Basketball Association's All-Star Game on Feb. 10, features Mr. Lee as his "Mars Blackmon" character, joking around with Mr. Jordan, the Chicago Bulls star. After a slightly intense discussion about the principles of gravity, they tell other kids in the classroom, "Don't be stupid; stay in school."</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "These spots are important to me because education is the key," Mr. Lee said in an interview. "Spike and Michael saying 'stay in school' is not the only answer, but it helps.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Also, we tried to put humor in," the Brooklyn film maker said. "We're not trying to be too preachy."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. has been criticized in the past for using black athletes in its ads but having few of them in as corporate executives. Mr. Lee said some of the criticisms were valid.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But he said: "We have tried to work some of these things out. I wish a lot of other companies were as open minded as </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span><span class="c2"> They want to do the right thing. No pun intended."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> agency, Wieden &amp; Kennedy, first matched Mr. Lee and Mr. Jordan in 1989.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">January 31, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_52"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=53>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">132 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">August</span><span class="c2"> 14, 1992, Friday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Phipps shooting for </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> sport store</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Chris Burritt STAFF WRITER</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS; Section F; Page 1</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">84 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Phipps Plaza has the high fashion of Saks Fifth Avenue and the glitter of Tiffany's.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Now it's going for a slam dunk with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Buckhead mall is being eyed by </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town, one of America's funkiest retail concepts. It blends fantasy for wannabe jocks, high-tech glitz for the entertainment-minded and, yes, shoes and other merchandise.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A new </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town store in Chicago has a maple basketball court, where people can test sneakers. The first </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town opened in Portland, Ore., in 1990.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">August 20, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_53"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=54>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">134 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Journal of Commerce</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 30, 1992, Thursday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">NIKE</span><span class="c7"> OFF AND RUNNING WITH RECYCLABLE SHOES</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">The Seattle Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">CHEM, Pg. 7A</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">204 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">SEATTLE</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">American manufacturers sold some 388 million pairs of athletic shoes last year. Retailers saw $ 12.1 billion in estimated sales. Environmentalists see 776 million shoes made largely of plastic and other synthetic material heading straight for landfills.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Now </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. of Beaverton, Ore., may forever change the footwear industry by being the first to offer, partially at least, recyclable and recycled neakers.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Maybe at some point we'll have a system where shoes can be 100 percent recycled, where you never throw a pair away. You always take them back like bottles or other common recyclables," says Dusty Kidd of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The key to turning today's shoes into tomorrow's lies in a new </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> technology. The process grinds and pulverizes whole shoes into material for the outsoles of new shoes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> process can completely recycle every shoe the company makes except for cleated models. The machinery to draw metal out of rubber and fiber isn't here yet, but the technology is.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The first </span><span class="c4">Nikes</span><span class="c2"> to contain recycled material will arrive in stores next spring. The shoe will be a new version of one of the company's best sellers, the Air Escape Low, a mid-priced outdoor cross trainer for men and women.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">December 16, 1996</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_54"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=55>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">136 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">December</span><span class="c2"> 17, 1991, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> Profit Rises by 6%</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section D; Page 6; Column 4; Financial Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">169 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">BEAVERTON, Ore., Dec. 16 AP</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc.'s earnings rose 6 percent in the second quarter of the fiscal year, setting record levels for profits and sales, the athletic shoe manufacturer said today.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Earnings for the three months ended Nov. 30 totaled $61.5 million, or 80 cents a share. In the comparable period last year, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> earned $58 million, or 77 cents a share.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Revenues increased 15 percent, to $743.4 million.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">European sales led the increase, with Germany up 73 percent, France up 63 percent, Italy up 138 percent and Spain up 83 percent.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">United States athletic footwear revenues declined 2 percent, but domestic athletic apparel revenues were up 2 percent. Revenues from other brands owned by </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> rose 18 percent.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> said the domestic athletic footwear revenues were lower because retailers had been cautious in placing orders six months ago.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Although the increases were strong, they paled in comparison with those announced for the first quarter, when the Beaverton-based company reported earnings of $114 million.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">December 17, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_55"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=56>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">137 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">May</span><span class="c2"> 31, 1991, Friday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Even washed-up </span><span class="c8">Nikes</span><span class="c7"> have plenty of value</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Michael Hiestand</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 2C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">248 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Memo to </span><span class="c4">Nike:</span><span class="c2"> Potentially terrific - and cheap - new sneaker endorsers are just down the road from your Beaverton, Ore., headquarters.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Thousands of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoes have begun washing up on Oregon beaches - the result of a May 1990 shipping accident that left 80,000 sneakers floating in the Pacific.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">Some beachcombers are stockpiling hundreds of shoes, claiming the shoes are fine - after clams and seaweed are removed. Swap meets let collectors find their sizes - and create matching pairs.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''The advertising possibilities are obvious,'' says Shirley Tarnasky, owner of 50 seagoing sneakers. ''Shoes that can float in the ocean for a year and not come apart at the seams just have to be good.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">So how about, say, a pickup basketball game between beachcombers to prove </span><span class="c4">Nikes</span><span class="c2"> can take a lickin' and keep on tickin'? Laughs </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> Liz Dolan: ''It's an (ad) idea we haven't really considered.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> TV ads for the NBA playoffs are old standbys: replays of six resurrected Michael Jordan-Spike Lee spots.<br/>&#160;<br/> A STEP UP: Walking passed swimming as the USA's No. 1 recreational sport in 1990, says a National Sporting Goods Association study. Total walkers: 71.4 million, up 72% since 1985. ... The World League of American Football's New York/New Jersey Knights average 15 kids a game at their free home-game child care. ... Inspired by Disney World, Sen. Malcolm Wallop, R-Wyo., urged a $ 300,000 federal study of using monorails to ease traffic congestion in national parks.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Sportstalk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">SPORTS BUSINESS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_56"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=57>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">143 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 10, 1991, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Good </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> earnings look like a shoo-in</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Rhonda Richards</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">MONEY; Pg. 3B</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">402 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Like other companies, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. has had some problems during the recession. But the nation's leading maker of athletic shoes appears to be landing on its feet.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> which makes Air Jordan and other high-priced sports shoes, is expected to report results today for its fiscal year ended May 31. Tuesday, the company said it was comfortable with Wall Street estimates of $ 3.65 to $ 3.85 a share, vs. $ 3.21 last year. The stock jumped 2 3/8 to $ 41 1/4.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''I don't think there'll be any surprises,'' says Kidder Peabody analyst Gary Jacobson . ''It's been able to hold its own in a difficult environment while others fade away.'' </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> said earlier that 1991 revenue had topped $ 3 billion - 36% higher than its $ 2.2 billion in 1990.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> faces challenges in 1992 because of increased competition and a growing trend away from expensive athletic shoes. Some analysts predict revenue growth will slow to 17%. Jacobson says he's looking for only 9% earnings growth to $ 4.15 a share - not the big double-digit growth investors saw in previous years.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Still, Jacobson and First Albany analyst Todd Berko say the company has bright prospects ahead internationally, where trends lag three years behind the USA. ''It's an incredibly well-managed company that's had an incredible string of successes the past few years,'' Berko says. ''The product development is still the strongest in the industry and they're still committing money to advertising.''<br/>&#160;<br/> Valuable assets? Shares of Craig Corp. have been roaring higher since BusinessWeek reported Monday that some investors believe Craig is greatly undervalued. But at least one analyst takes exception to the article and recommends selling the Los Angeles-based real-estate and supermarket company. Craig shares, up 2 3/8 Monday, rose another 2 1/8 to $ 20 5/8 Tuesday - a 28% gain in two days.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">BusinessWeek, citing unnamed money managers, said Craig's 50% stake in Stater Bros., a private California supermarket chain, and stakes in financial services company Citadel Holding and real-estate manager Reading Co. make Craig's assets worth about $ 30 a share. But H.D. Brous &amp; Co. analyst Howard Rosencrans, one of the few analysts to follow the company, says the stock is fully valued at $ 15. He urges his clients to sell. He says 1991 sales slowed at Stater Bros. He says defense cuts and the poor real-estate market is hurting Craig's other interests.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Marketline</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">STREET TALK</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_57"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=58>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">144 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Toronto Star</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">December</span><span class="c2"> 31, 1991, Tuesday, HOLIDAY EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">L.A. Gear, </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> settle lawsuits</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. C7</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">103 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> L.A. Gear Inc. and sneaker rival </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. have settled all federal lawsuits against each other without payment of any money, the Associated Press reports.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> agreed to dismiss its claim in a Los Angeles court that L.A. Gear's Catapult technology infringes on </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> patents. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> also agreed to drop a case filed in Portland, Ore. involving L.A. Gear's distribution deal in Spain, said L.A. Gear's Steve Stern.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">As part of the settlement, L.A. Gear agreed to drop its Catapult countersuit accusing </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> of engaging in anti-competitive conduct. Both companies agreed to take no further legal action</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">January 2, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_58"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=59>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">145 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Toronto Star</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">December</span><span class="c2"> 31, 1991, Tuesday, HOME DELIVERY TWO</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">L.A. Gear, </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> settle lawsuits</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. C7</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">110 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;</span><span class="c2">L.A. Gear Inc. and sneaker rival </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. have settled all federal lawsuits against each other without payment of any money, the Associated Press reports.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> agreed to dismiss its claim in a Los Angeles court that L.A. Gear's Catapult technology infringes on </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> patents. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> also agreed to drop a case filed in Portland, Ore. involving L.A. Gear's distribution deal in Spain, said L.A. Gear's Steve Stern.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">As part of the settlement, L.A. Gear agreed to drop its Catapult countersuit accusing </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> of engaging in anti-competitive conduct. Both companies agreed to take no further legal actiondamages; settlement; United; States</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">May 13, 1999</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_59"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=60>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">150 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Nikkei Weekly (Japan)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">December</span><span class="c2"> 14, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">FOREIGN JOURNAL; In Profile; Pg. 27</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">261 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><br/><p class="c6"><span class="c2">MICHAEL DELL RATTA<br/>Company: </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Japan Corp.<br/>Title: General manager, corporate planning office<br/>Nationality: American<br/>Hobbies: Mountain biking, photography</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Ironically, Michael Della Ratta's pursuit of stress relief eventually brought him to Tokyo.  While working at a consulting firm in Washington D.C. 11 years ago, he enrolled at a local Japanese martial arts school, to help work off every day stress.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Hooked by aikido, he came to Japan to study the martial art for a year in Wakayama Prefecture, near Osaka.  Dela Ratta said he was particularly impressed by aikido's great attention to form, or kata.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The characteristics of aikido may apply to Japanese business in general, he said.  "The Japanese don't spent a lot of time analyzing.  Instead, they concentrate more on forming internal modes of operation, so they can react to many different situations."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Since joining </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> in 1982, he has spent most of the last decade in Asia, including stints of China and Taiwan.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">As general manager of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Japan Corp.'s corporate planning office since September, Della Ratta calls himself a "cultural bridge" between </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. of the U.S. and </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Japan, a wholly owned subsidiary of Nissho Iwai Corp.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"What I try to do is get </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Japan on the same timetable as the rest of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, which is very tough," he explained.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Della Ratta sees the changing lifestyles of Japan as beneficial to </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.  "Now Japanese people want to get outdoors more.  They want to be running, mountain biking or surfing.  So that's encouraging for our industry."</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Picture, no caption</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_60"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=61>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">152 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 29, 1991, Friday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">THE MEDIA BUSINESS: ADVERTISING -- ADDENDA;<br/></span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> Approach To Women</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By KIM FOLTZ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section D; Page 5; Column 2; Financial Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">161 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has employed an all- star roster of male athletes, including Bo Jackson and Michael Jordan, to lure men to its lines of athletic footwear. But what about women, who accounted for roughly 42 percent of all athletic shoes purchased in 1990?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We feel our advertising has to be different for women," said Lisa DeNeffe, a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> spokeswoman. "Women look up to other women, but they don't really have specific role models as much as men do. So we took a different approach."</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> That approach is illustrated in an eight-page insert that </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and its advertising agency, Wieden &amp; Kennedy, began placing in women's magazines earlier this month. Instead of sports stars, the ad relies on simple sentences in large black type that chronicle the stages in a woman's life from childhood to adulthood.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"You wanted to be a veterinarian," the ad states in a section devoted to childhood. "You wanted to be president. You wanted to be the president's veterinarian."</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">March 29, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_61"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=62>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">155 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Herald Sun</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">February</span><span class="c2"> 21, 1992 Friday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> gets behind Krabbe</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">310 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">THE </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> sportswear company said today it would stand behind double world sprint champion Katrin Krabbe, suspended from athletics for four years for manipulating a dope test.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The German Athletic Federation (DLV) banned Krabbe, world 400m silver medallist Grit Breuer and 1987 double world sprint champion Silke Moeller on Saturday for four years after they returned identical urine samples at a random test at their training camp in South Africa.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> On Tuesday the sport nutrition firm Isostar, which sponsored Krabbe and Breuer, said it would scrap a two-year promotional deal worth hundreds of thousands of dollars.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> But a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> spokesman said the company would stand behind Krabbe and Breuer until it knew the full story.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "Both runners have been strong supporters of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and we've been strong supporters of them," </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> spokesman Dusty Kidd said. "We think they deserve continued support at least until this thing gets some resolution."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Kidd said </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> executives had reviewed all the information so far available and were not satisfied that any conclusive evidence had been presented regarding the drug tests.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "This particular situation suggests manipulation, but the question is, who did the manipulating?" Kidd said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "Certainly we have reviewed the information we've got from Germany and we still feel that resolution is yet to be final. Until it is, it's not fair for the athletes not to get the support they need."The Oregon-based athletic footwear and sportswear company has had a contract with Krabbe, Breuer and their Neu Brandenberg running club since March 1990 and supplies equipment to the club.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Krabbe, who has argued that the tests were doctored by an outside party, has pledged to fight the suspension in the law courts and her manager has threatened a $7.95 million lawsuit against the DLV.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> - REUTER</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> END OF STORY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 27, 2003</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2">DHS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Nationwide News Pty Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_62"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=63>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">157 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">April</span><span class="c2"> 2, 1991, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">THE MEDIA BUSINESS: ADVERTISING -- ADDENDA;<br/></span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> in Pact With NBC For Tennis Exclusives</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By KIM FOLTZ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section D; Page 15; Column 2; Financial Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">70 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> said it had signed a four-year agreement with NBC under which it would become the only athletic footwear and apparel maker to advertise during the network's coverage of the French Open and Wimbledon tennis championships.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> would not disclose how much it spent on the agreement.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">On May 26, during NBC's coverage of the French Open, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> will introduce a new spot featuring the tennis player Andre Agassi.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">April 2, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_63"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=64>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">160 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">April</span><span class="c2"> 12, 1991, Friday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">THE MEDIA BUSINESS: ADVERTISING -- ADDENDA;<br/>Basketball Star In </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> Spots</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By KIM FOLTZ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section D; Page 7; Column 4; Financial Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">110 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">David Robinson of the San Antonio Spurs will resume his starring role next week in a series of spots for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> parodying the television program "Mr. Rogers's Neighborhood."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In past spots, which </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> said had generated an unusual amount of fan mail, Mr. Robinson invited a diverse collection of guests, including his coach, Larry Brown, and the classical pianist Rudolf Firkusny, into his "neighborhood," which is a basketball court.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The new spots, which will support </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> new Air Force 180 basketball shoes, feature, among others, Charles Barkley of the Philadelphia 76ers, an oft-disciplined player who will teach viewers his word for the day: "fined."</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">April 12, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_64"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=65>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">163 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">October</span><span class="c2"> 28, 1992, Wednesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> planning a splashy store for Phipps Plaza Shop expected to open near Parisian in spring '93</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Robert Luke STAFF WRITERsales; business; consumers; atlanta</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS; Section D; Page 1</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">255 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. announced plans Tuesday to bring its hot </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town retailing concept to Buckhead's Phipps Plaza next spring.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It is a "store" that has wowed shoppers in Chicago and Portland, Ore., where the only </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Towns currently exist.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">There had been rumors among Phipps tenants for months that </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town was coming.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The 25,000-square-foot Atlanta store will have 60 full-time employees and be located on the first floor of the new Phipps Plaza wing that houses a Parisian department store.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Our design concept for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town incorporates sports, fitness, entertainment, history and product innovation, all in one," said Melinda Gable, a spokeswoman for the Beaverton, Ore., footwear maker.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mixing Disneyland and MTV</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town is like a mixture of Disneyland and MTV, with customers as the audience participating in a production.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Shoppers walk through doors to the center of a Hollywood-like town square that has videos and life-size sculptures of sports stars, such as Deion Sanders and Michael Jordan.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sports sounds - the squeak of basketball shoes or the smacking of a tennis ball - accompany customers as they walk through each area of the store. Once customers make a selection, a high-tech delivery system speeds merchandise through clear plastic tubes from the stockroom to the customer.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"The Atlanta </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town will have the same town-square concept as the other stores, but will be more modular in design to accommodate future product lines and to serve as a focal point for community events," Ms. Gable said.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">October 31, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH923050081</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_65"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=66>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">165 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 7, 1991, SUNDAY, LATE FIVE STAR Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">NIKE'S</span><span class="c7"> NEXT MOVE IS TO WIN WOMEN</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS; Pg. 5E</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">322 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">BEAVERTON, Ore. - </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., the largest athletic apparel maker in the world, has built its business by speaking to men.  If women were eavesdropping and understood the message - fine. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> was happy to sell them smaller, pretty-color versions of its men's offerings.  In the industry, these are known as ''take-down'' products.  With that approach, it is little wonder that </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> women's business has been only a trickle in the company's revenue stream. For the fiscal year ended May 31, it accounted for about 16 percent, or $480 million, of total revenues of $3 billion.  By comparison, Reebok International Ltd., the other industry titan, does about half its $2.16 billion annual sales in women's products.  But with the domestic men's market at its saturation point, Beaverton-based </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has acquired a fascination with women rivaling that of an adolescent boy.  ''</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is a male brand,'' says Kate Bednarski, marketing manager of women's fitness shoes for </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span><span class="c2"> ''But we're now committed to growing our business on the other side of the channel.'' The commitment comes in the form of new head-to-toe women's collections - designed by women for women - and a critically acclaimed advertising campaign that says ''Just do it'' in a distinctly feminine voice heretofore unheard from </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span><span class="c2">  Analysts and industry obser vers are generally enthusiastic about </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> potential in the domestic women's market.  Overall, shoes alone in that market amount to about $3 billion annually if you figure in the whole spectrum from sneakers to highly engineered performance shoes.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">It's $2 billion if you toss out the shoes </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> types caustically refer to as ''foot coverings.'' Fitness apparel (other than footwear), a loosely defined category that includes about everything women don't wear to the office, is estimated at $16 billion a year; the sports-performance part of it that most interests </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> takes up about $2 billion.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">October 14, 1993</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">English</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_66"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=67>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">167 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 8, 1992, Wednesday, INTERNATIONAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">STAYING HOME</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Jack Carey; Mark Hayes</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 1B</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">286 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The New Mexico basketball program, unable to locate quality opponents overseas, has cancelled a planned August trip to Europe. The Lobos had scheduled games in Austria, France and Switzerland Aug. 10-24.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">However, a Cincinnati-based travel agency arranging the trip could not confirm enough games.<br/>&#160;<br/> STRAW RETURNS: Darryl Strawberry, who missed 48 games with a herniated disk, was activated by the Los Angeles Dodgers between games of a doubleheader with the Montreal Expos. Pitcher Kip Gross, who was called up from the minors and won the opener 8-3, was optioned to Class AAA Albuquerque.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;</span><span class="c4">NIKE</span><span class="c2"> NEWS: </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> which has paid millions of dollars to put its name on the U.S. track and field team's uniforms at the Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain, says it is appealing a Spanish court ruling that bars the advertising or sale of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> apparel in Spain. Spain's Constitutional Court last week upheld a lower court's order barring the sports company from using the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> name on clothing bcecause a Spanish firm registered the trademark in 1932. </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> whose shoes are not affected by the ruling, planned to use the Olympics to launch a line of sports clothes. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> says it could lose $ 20 million in sales in Spain and much more worldwide if the ruling stands.<br/>&#160;<br/> TYSON APPEAL: Mike Tyson's lawyers have requested copies of any contracts between the boxer's rape victim and her former civil lawyer for use in the appeals process. Alan M. Dershowitz, who is heading Tyson's appeal, said he is exploring ''appropriate legal grounds'' for his legal actions and needs the contracts from Marion Superior Court Judge Patricia Gifford. Tyson was convicted Feb. 10 of raping Desiree Washington last July.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Sportsline</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_67"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=68>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">170 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">January</span><span class="c2"> 30, 1992, Thursday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Jordan cuts NBA out of apparel deal</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Michael Hiestand</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 1C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">238 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Apparel bearing Michael Jordan's likeness won't be on sale in NBA arenas for long. You'll have to go to a store that sells </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> products.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jordan has asked the National Basketball Association to stop using his likeness on its licensed apparel. The Chicago Bulls star has that right, say NBA senior vice president Gary Bettman and NBA Players Association executive director Charles Grantham.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A player and the league can share revenues from NBA merchandise deals using a player's likeness - or a player can decline to involve the NBA in a product category in which he has an exclusive deal.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">And Jordan decided to go solo with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> in his apparel arrangement.<br/></span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> which does not sell its products in NBA arenas, says its annual sales of Jordan gear top $ 200 million.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But with the NBA no longer a partner in Jordan's apparel deal - the financial impact on the NBA and Jordan remains to be seen - fans won't be able to buy clothing items bearing both Jordan's image and the Bulls' logo. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> doesn't use NBA logos on Jordan apparel.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> isn't gloating. ''It's between the NBA and Michael,'' says </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> Liz Dolan. ''It has nothing to do with </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span><span class="c2">''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A recent survey by Sporting Goods Business said Jordan has more influence over consumer purchases than any other athlete. Proceeds from retail sales of NBA merchandise, which topped $ 1.1 billion last year and was led by Bulls gear, trickle down to all NBA teams.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">EAR PHOTO; color, USA TODAY<br/>&#160;<br/>CUTLINE: JORDAN: 'This isn't a state problem.'</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_68"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=69>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">173 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">September</span><span class="c2"> 22, 1992, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">COMPANY NEWS;<br/>Earnings of </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> Increased By 7.1% in the First Quarter</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By EBEN SHAPIRO</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section D; Page 4; Column 5; Financial Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">474 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. said yesterday that its first-quarter profits rose 7.1 percent, but heavy spending on advertising during the Olympics caused profits to fall below investors' expectations. </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> stock price dropped $2 immediately after the earnings were released, but as the day progressed, it rebounded as investors focused on </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> high level of orders for the spring. The shares closed on the New York Stock Exchange at $76.375, a gain of 75 cents.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> executives defended the heavy Olympic advertising spending, saying the results are already evident. "Our U.S. business was robust during the critical back-to-school season just completed, and worldwide futures orders for spring delivery were at record levels," said, Philip H. Knight, the chairman of </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span><span class="c2"> The company sold one million pairs of $65 basketball shoes during the back-to-school season, making it the nation's best-selling shoe for the season.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> For the quarter ended Aug. 31, </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> which is based in Beaverton, Ore., earned $122.5 million, or $1.60 a share, compared with $114.4 million, or $1.50 a share, in the period last year. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> was expected to earn $1.72 a share, according to a survey of analysts by Zacks Investment Research.<br/>&#160;<br/>Sales Advanced by a Sharp 16%</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> sales grew a robust 16 percent, to $1.09 billion, compared with $947 million last year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> which plans to spend $140 million on advertisements this year, said that one-third of those expenditures will take place in the first quarter.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Advertising and other administrative expenses "went through the roof," said Gary M. Jacobson, an analyst at Kidder, Peabody.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Still, Mr. Jacobson called the heavy promotional outlay a prudent investment. "The Olympics only come around once every four years," he said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> executives also say there is a direct correlation between the heavy global advertising levels and the strong spring orders.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">For September through January, 1993, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has orders for $1.36 billion of shoes, 27 percent higher than the orders for the corresponding period last year. The company said its January orders were the largest single-month total in the company's history.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"The most important number to look at is the futures number," said Josie Esquivel, an analyst at Shearson Lehman Brothers. "It's really pretty astronomical in this type of environment," she said, referring to the sluggish demand for most consumer goods.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In a conference call with analysts, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> said that it continued to gain market share in Germany at the expense of Adidas.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mr. Knight of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> said that despite the higher expenses </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> earnings should grow by 15 percent for the fiscal year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> told analysts that its business grew by 5 percent in the United States and by 49 percent in foreign markets.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In addition to sports shoes, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> makes athletic clothes and Cole Haan dress shoes.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 22, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_69"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=70>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">174 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 17, 1992, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">NIKE</span><span class="c7"> EARNINGS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Donna Rosato</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">MONEY; Pg. 1B</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">533 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Sneaker giant </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> says earnings jumped 17% its latest quarter, but </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> stock stumbled 3 5/8 to $ 70 1/2 Monday. Though net income climbed to a record high, results were slightly below analysts' expecta<br/>tions of $ 1.12 to $ 1.15 a share. Net income for the quarter ended Feb. 29 rose to $ 82.5 million, or $ 1.08 a share, from $ 70.7 million, or 93 cents a share, a year earlier. Revenue also hit a record $ 867 million from $ 802 million. Though analysts trimmed earnings estimates for the year, they recommended </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> for the long term.  Chairman Philip Knight says investment abroad, where revenue rose 27% from a year earlier, is starting to pay off.</span><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>&#160;<br/></span><span class="c2"> CIRCLE K PLAN: A group of international investors that in<br/>cludes the owner of Saks Fifth Avenue has offered $ 425 million to buy Circle K, the USA's second-largest convenience-store chain.  Circle K says its sale to CK Acquisitions could help it emerge from bankruptcy-court protection by the end of the year. Circle K filed for Chapter 11 in May 1990 and has lost more than $ 1 billion the past two years. In December, it said it will close 1,500 of its 3,700 stores, situated mostly in the South. Circle K's reorganization plan and any sale must be approved by the bankruptcy court. The parent of Circle K's chief rival 7-Eleven - Southland - was bought by Japanese investors in 1990 .<br/>&#160;<br/> FedEx DEAL: Federal Express says it is ending its domestic European and intra-European services May 4. The company says it agreed to sell its domestic French operations to TNT Express Worldwide's TNT Chrono Service S.A. and is selling domestic U.K. operations to Securicor Omega Express Ltd. Terms of the deals weren't disclosed. Also, FedEx said it lost $ 193 million, or $ 3.58 a share, in its third quarter, which ended Feb. 29. The loss includes a $ 254 million charge to pay for the European restructuring. The company lost $ 106 million, or $ 1.98 a share, in the year-earlier quarter.<br/>&#160;<br/> ANDERSEN SETTLEMENT: Arthur Andersen &amp; Co., accused of helping</span></p>
</div>
<table class="c12">
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">former&#160;savings-and-loan&#160;executive&#160;Charles&#160;Keating&#160;&#160;&#160;in&#160;a&#160;bond-sales</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14">&#160;</td></tr>
</table>
<div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">scam, settled civil fraud claims for up to $ 30 million, Reuters says. Keating, Arthur Andersen and several other professional firms that worked for Lincoln Savings and its parent, American Continental, are targets of a $ 1.2 billion law suit brought by 17,000 investors.  The investors claim salespeople at Lincoln tricked them into buying junk bonds, which became worthless when Lincoln was seized in 1989. </span></p>
</div>
<table class="c12">
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">&#160;&#160;&#160;CONTINENTAL&#160;BUYER?&#160;&#160;&#160;A&#160;group&#160;of&#160;investors&#160;led&#160;by&#160;financier&#160;Charles</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14">&#160;</td></tr>
</table>
<div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">Hurwitz is close to an agreement to bail out financially troubled Continental Airlines, The Houston Post says.  Hurwitz reportedly submitted a proposal to buy a majority stake in the airline, which has been in bankruptcy-court protection since December 1990.  Continental filed a reorganization plan Feb. 6.<br/>&#160;<br/> TREASURY AUCTION: The Treasury Department sold $ 11.4 billion in three- month bills at an average discount rate of 4.09%, up from 4.02% last week. Another $ 11.4 billion was sold in six-month bills at an average discount rate of 4.27%, up from 4.13% last week.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">PHOTO; color, Barbara Gundle<br/>&#160;<br/>CUTLINE: KNIGHT: Investments paying off.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Moneyline</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_70"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=71>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">179 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">February</span><span class="c2"> 19, 1991, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">SPORTS BUSINESS;<br/></span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> pays price for big presence</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Sal Ruibal</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 2C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">593 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> You can't escape the long arm of </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It seems that every time you turn on the tube, flip a magazine page or gaze at a billboard, the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. ''swoosh'' and a well-paid athlete are staring back at you.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> advertising firepower has taken it to the top of the athletic shoe market, but those creative and often outlandish ads don't come cheap. In the first nine months of 1990, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> spent $ 61.8 million for TV and radio air time, cable TV spots, newspaper and magazine pages and billboard space - up 79% from the same period in 1989.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The numbers come from LNA/Arbitron Multi-Media Service and Advertising Age and don't include the cost of creating the ads and payments to celebrity endorsers.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">No other sports company came close to </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span><span class="c2"> No. 2 sports shoe-maker Reebok International spent $ 30.6 million in the first nine months of 1990, up 13%; Sports Illustrated spent $ 23.5 million (undoubtedly most on endless repetitions of its cable TV subscription ads featuring football phones, Michael Jordan videos, etc.), up 73% from 1989; and L.A. Gear spent $ 23.2 million, up a whopping 162%. No other sports companies cracked the top 200.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">To put those numbers in perspective, look at how much the really big spenders put out in only nine months: AT&amp;T spent $ 371.5 million and McDonald's $ 334.6 million.<br/>&#160;<br/> LINKAGE: New LPGA Commissioner Charles Mechem isn't pulling many punches in his analysis of the tour. In a recent interview in Golfweek, Mecham said the LPGA suffers from a ''massive inferiority complex. I don't mean that critically of anybody, but I think the organizatiom is a lot stronger that it realizes it is.'' ... Golf icon and Senior PGA Tour member Don January is getting into the golf architectural business. His partners include son Tom and Craig Curry, formerly of Jack Nicklaus and Associates.<br/>&#160;<br/> CHAIN GANG: Hybrid bikes aren't two-wheelers for biologists, but they are quickly moving up the evolutionary ladder. A cross between fat-tired mountain bikes and featherweight road racing bikes, hybrids are catching on with fitness fanatics and born-again cyclists. Some purists scoff, but the market loves them. According to Bicycling magazine, more than 100 of the 941 new bicycle models can be classified as hybrids, an increase of 30 products from last year's selection. The good news: The average price of a hybrid has decreased from $ 612 to $ 478. Last year's hot model was Schwinn's $ 300 Crisscross, rated a Best Buy by both Consumer Reports and Bicycle Guide. Road bike prices are up an average of 30%, while mountain bikes increased only 11%.<br/>&#160;<br/>COLLECT CALLS: Some people think baseball memorabilia came of age when they stopped putting gum in baseball card packages. Another milestone: Sotheby's auction salon in New York is selling the collection of James C. Copeland, a California sporting goods retailer, March 22. Among the goodies: a rare Honus Wagner tobacco card that could bring $ 150,000, and a collection of 160 World Series press pins that could fetch $ 300,000. ... Score Inc. has created a ''hobby advisory board'' to learn how it can best serve dealers.<br/>&#160;<br/> SHELL GAME: Next trip to the ballpark, tip your hat to the MVP - the Master Vendor of Peanuts, that is. Peanuts have been a big part of baseball for more than 100 years, according to the National Peanut Month Committee. More than $ 10 million is shelled out for peanuts at ballparks every year. The MVPs will be named in March and the lucky vendors will get a trophy, a button and a free trip to spring training in Florida.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_71"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=72>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">180 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Globe and Mail (Canada)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">May</span><span class="c2"> 13, 1991 Monday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">NEWS BULLETINS   </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> outpaces Klein</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">GAM</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">123 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">New York NY </span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">NEW YORK<br/> Shoemaker </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. nosed out fragrance maker Calvin Klein as sponsor of<br/>the most popular print advertising campaign of 1990, a consumer survey<br/>shows.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">    </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> moved up from fourth place in the 1989 survey, while Calvin Klein<br/>fell from the top spot for the first time in four years, according to<br/>results in the survey from the research firm Video Storyboard Tests Inc.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Video Storyboard Tests interviewed 24,000 people over the course of<br/>1990 for its latest survey, asking them to recall the newspaper and<br/>magazine ads that they found to be the most outstanding they had seen<br/>recently.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Other top ads: Camel cigarettes, Revlon cosmetics, Absolut vodka,<br/>Infiniti cars, Marlboro cigarettes, Guess apparel, Ford vehicles, and<br/>Maybelline cosmetics.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">January 9, 2007</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">PUBLICATION-TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Newspaper</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.<br/>All Rights Reserved</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_72"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=73>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">184 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">June</span><span class="c2"> 18, 1992, Thursday,</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">DAILY: NATIONAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> facing Olympian battle</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Michael M. Phillips Associated Press</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SECTION 4, INSIDE SPORT; Pg. 43</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">597 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">Madrid, Spain</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Spanish trademark laws are threatening to turn </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> sponsorship of the U.S. Olympic track-and-field team into a multi-million-dollar fiasco.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. is in the midst of a court battle with a Spanish attorney who owns the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> name in Spain - first registered here 60 years ago by a Barcelona sock maker.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> With the Olympics less than six weeks away and </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> planning to plaster its disputed name on U.S. athletes' uniforms, the company and the attorney, Juan Amigo Freixas, are playing a game of courtroom chicken. Whoever swerves first is likely to lose tens of millions of dollars.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Pressure is building on both sides: </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, an American sports shoe and apparel giant based in Beaverton, Ore., wants to clear up the matter before the July 25 opening ceremony. Amigo, who says the athletes can't use the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> name without his permission, knows his payoff will shrink after the games end.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Amigo ''should be aware that it would result in a very unpleasant embarrassment for the Kingdom of Spain,'' said John Faylor, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> European counsel. ''Juan Amigo is a pirate, as we see him, who's using the . . . trademark to blackmail </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> into a negotiating position and </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> refuses to submit to those kinds of tactics.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> At stake are the profits </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> hoped to reap when it paid a handsome sum - the company won't say how much - to hitch its name to the U.S. athletes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> documents put potential sales losses at US$20 million in Spain alone and many times that amount worldwide.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> To make matters worse for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, competitor Reebok's logo will be on the sweatsuit of every American who steps to the winner's podium in Barcelona, including </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> spokesman Michael Jordan, should the U.S. basketball team take a medal.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> At the heart of the dispute are Spain's idiosyncratic commercial laws, which have generated an array of cases involving foreign firms that entered the Spanish market only to find someone else already owned their brands.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Trademark laws here long permitted anyone to register and renew a name simply by paying a fee, even if they never produced anything.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The statutes were changed in 1988 to permit easier challenges to inactive trademarks, but registrants still aren't required to prove they have an ongoing business or product when filing an application.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> ''Trademark piracy is practically the national sport in Spain,'' Faylor said by telephone from Frankfurt.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> ''</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has been one of the many trademark companies that have experienced harassment.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Is it piracy? Or just smart business?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> ''They can think what they want,'' Amigo said from Barcelona. ''If the Olympics hadn't come to Spain, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> would never have landed here because they wouldn't know where Spain was.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Amigo bought the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> name from the original owner, who produced knitted wear during the 1936-39 Spanish Civil War and kept the trademark - a photographic negative of the headless Winged Victory of Samothrace statue in the Louvre Museum - long after production ceased.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The registration applies only to sports apparel, not shoes - but it's the U.S. track team's shirts and shorts that will be most visible to television cameras.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> In July 1990, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> was issued a registration for its name and ''swoosh'' symbol, but two Spanish courts upheld Amigo's earlier trademark. The Constitutional Court is now considering </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> appeal.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> At one point, Amigo asked </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> for US$30 million for rights to the brand, Fraylor said. Amigo refused to divulge any figures.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> ''He's trying to basically take advantage of what he has,'' said the U.S. official.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 6, 1997</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2"> Photo: Michael Jordan teamed up with Bugs Bunny for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Super Bowl ads in January, but there's a chance he won't be able to wear </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> logos at the Barcelona Olympics.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">COLUMN</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Financial Post Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_73"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=74>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">186 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 9, 1992, Thursday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">COMPANY NEWS;<br/></span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> Earnings at Record; L.A. Gear Posts Deficit</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By LAWRENCE M. FISHER, &#160;Special to The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section D; Page 3; Column 3; Financial Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">458 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">SAN FRANCISCO, July 8</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Two makers of athletic shoes and sports wear reported widely divergent financial results today. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. of Beaverton, Ore., reported its fifth consecutive year of record revenues and earnings, while L.A. Gear Inc. of Los Angeles reported a loss for its second quarter.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Both companies' stock moved sharply on the news. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shares jumped more than 10 percent, closing at $66.375, up $6.625, on the New York Stock Exchange. And L.A. Gear slid more than 13 percent, closing at $10.625, off $1.625.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Philip H. Knight, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> chairman and chief executive, said in a statement that the company was well positioned to continue its growth.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"A 17 percent increase in future orders for the next six months sets the stage for another record year in 1993," Mr. Knight said. "This increase reflects U.S. retailers' continued success with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> products in an otherwise difficult retail environment." He added that </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> was also strong in Europe.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">L.A. Gear said its loss stemmed partly from the cost of settling three separate consolidated shareholder suits, as well as a loss from continuing operations.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"The company's new management is continuing its efforts during this transition year to redirect the company, both operationally and financially," said Stanley P. Gold, L.A. Gear's chairman and chief executive.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Following are details of the companies' results:<br/>&#160;<br/></span><span class="c4">Nike</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> For the fourth quarter, which ended May 31, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> said it earned $70.7 million, or 92 cents a share, up 20.6 percent from $58.6 million, or 76 cents a share, in the period a year ago. Revenues rose 17.9 percent, to $847.6 million, from $719.0 million in the fourth quarter of the 1991 fiscal year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">For the year, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> had earnings of $329.2 million, or $4.30 a share, up 14.7 percent from $287.0 million, or $3.77 a share, in the 1991 fiscal year. Revenues rose 13.7 percent, to $3.41 billion, from $3 billion in the previous year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"The Olympic Games will further showcase </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> products and athletes to a truly global audience," Mr. Knight said. "Seven of the 12 U.S.A. Basketball Team players and 66 of the 129 track and field qualifiers are </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> athletes."<br/>&#160;<br/>L.A. Gear</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> For its second quarter, which ended May 31, L.A. Gear had a deficit of $24.4 million, up substantially from a loss of $4 million in the period a year ago. Sales fell 36.9 percent, to $104.7 million, from $166 million in the second quarter of the 1991 fiscal year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The loss for the quarter reflects a $13.87 million after-tax charge for the settlement of the shareholder suits. The company attributed the decline in earnings to a drop in the number of shoes sold worldwide. The company said that pricing pressure on its old product line will reduce gross margins for the balance of the year.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">July 9, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_74"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=75>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">189 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Independent (London)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">August</span><span class="c2"> 8, 1992, Saturday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">The Diary</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By HENRY WINTER</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">WEEKEND SPORT PAGE; Page 45&#160;</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">1109 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">NIKE</span><span class="c2"> AND THE BARE ESSENTIALS</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> THE sportswear firm, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> (Greek for victory), has not enjoyed the best of times at the Olympics. Michael Johnson, subject of a large advertising campaign by </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> flopped in the 200 metres, while another </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> star, Sergei Bubka, failed to reach the qualifying heights in the pole vault. At least </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> will not be upstaged by rivals Reebok tonight. Reebok has a deal with the United States Olympic Committee to provide tracksuits for all US medal-winners to be worn on the podium. This agreement has caused problems for six of the ''dream team'', including Michael Jordan and Charles Barkley, who are contracted to </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> for seven-figure sums. Eventually a compromise was reached. So if - or rather when - Jordan, Barkley and Co win gold tonight, the medal ceremony should be fun. Apart from the sight of the chosen dignitary straining to place medals around the necks of near 7ft-tall athletes, some of the basketballers will be revealing some chest. The reason for the unzipped tracksuit tops? So the collars can fold down and conceal the Reebok logo.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> NAME the one football video that is available in the club boardroom, but not in the club shop? ''Dion Dublin - the goals''. This tape was sent to every leading club by John Beck, Cambridge United's manager. It worked. Manchester United forked out pounds 1m for Dublin's services. What next? ''Vinnie Jones - the tackles''?</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> CLEAR OBJECTIVE</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> A daunting task for batsmen - clearing the Lord's pavilion - has been turned into a competition. A cheque for pounds 1,000 is the reward for any cricketer who carries the beautiful old building, a feat achieved once, by Albert Trott (via a chimney pot) for the MCC against the Australians in 1899. The Cricket Lore Challenge, organised by the cricket magazine, is open until 1999, the centenary of Trott's achievement. Many have tried to emulate Trott's feat, players like Keith Miller, Kim Hughes, Wasim Akram and Mike Llewellyn. Llewellyn came closest, in the 1977 Gillette Cup final for Glamorgan against Middlesex, when he hoisted a delivery from John Emburey - it rose high enough but caught the top of the north tower.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> WE ALL know Olympic medals bring their rewards. Fame for all, fortune for a few. And some new friends for Shannon Miller. The 15-year-old gymnast who is returning home to Edmond, Oklahoma, with three medals has aroused a lot of interest. ''Young men are calling from all over the country trying to get her phone number,'' an Edmond civic official said. ''One little guy from Denver has probably called seven or eight times today. He says it's a real emergency.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> RACING'S RICHES</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The glamour of the turf . . . prizes at Ngong Racecourse, Nairobi, are a bit different from those at Kentucky and Epsom. A bucket pump was the top reward in the first race; race three offered a backpack sprayer; race four, a maize hand shredder; race five, a wheel barrow; and the concluding feature race of the evening promised a milk churn.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> WHETHER FORECASTS</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> To commemorate what they call the ''dawning of a new age'', those wags at the football fanzine, When Saturday Comes, have produced a souvenir poster of the ''all-singing, all-dancing Premier League''. It features a predictions' chart, a vital excercise for any fan. The questions are not your normal ''pick the cup winners'' routine. Far from it. Take Arsenal . . . ''Name the number of central defenders bought between August and December'' followed by a box for your guess. Blackburn's is on a similar theme: ''Number of forwards bought during season''. The conundrum for Chelsea supporters: ''First month in which David Mellor is spotted at Stamford Bridge''. Southampton's involves ''final position in Fair Play League''.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> A HEALTHY dose of pre-season delirium has also infected Shoot! To promote their Charity Shield competition, Shoot! ran a picture from last season of a Liverpool-Leeds United match. The scene? David Batty upending Steve McManaman. Cruel.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> IMPORT QUANDARY</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> A quick look at the new Celtic line- up makes worrying news for their UEFA campaign, given the tight restrictions on imported talent. At No 1 they have a South African, while the 12 others in the squad comprise seven from France, two from Australia, plus three from Italy. The line-up from Paradise is, of course, the new Celtic wine- list, the top bottle being the ''Celtic Champagne'' attractively priced at pounds 15.95. Other footballing essentials in the Parkhead catalogue include a hamper (''with red and white Celtic house wine''), tartan dungarees, an exclusive mountain bike (which would last three seconds outside Ibrox, covered as it is with Celtic emblems), cameras, telephones, binoculars, decanters. Oh, and football kit.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> DIVIDED LOYALTIES</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Sachin Tendulkar, Yorkshire's Indian tyro, has come up with a variation on the dilemma of county v country - he may be playing for his county against his country next week in a pyjama series in Sheffield. The Tykes have insisted that Tendulkar, who made his first Championship century this week, represent them if both they and India reach the final of the Flamingo Land Floodlit Trophy at Don Valley Stadium on Thursday. Tendulkar turns out for his county against Durham in the first semi-final on Tuesday and then for his country against Lancashire the following night. ''No one can recall a similar situation in a tournament,'' Don Robinson, the promoter, said, ''so Sachin might qualify for a mention in the Guinness Book of Records.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> TAKING THE BISCUIT</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> THE Olympics have become so commercial, with everyone from fizzy-drink manufacturers to Wolverhampton butchers involved, that when the men's 100 metres was referred to as the Blue Riband event, some confusion was understandable. Overheard in a crowded room was a vexed voice . . . ''is this race sponsored by the biscuit-makers?''.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> SPOKEN WORD</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The Chris Boardman limerick competition provoked some patriotic responses after the British cyclist's gold medal-winning ride. Joanna Rimmer, of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, wins a bottle of Aberlour Malt Whisky for the following . . .</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Who was our first gold award man?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> A chap with the name of Chris Boardman.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> With a hat like Darth Vader</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> This great Lotus raider</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Did as well as a Briton abroad can.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> What rhymes with Sally Gunnell? Entries to Sports Diary Limerick, The Independent, 40 City Road, London EC1Y 2DB.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> PS</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> No let-up in the rivalry between broadcasters. After Sky had been beaten by LWT in the Tennents five-a-side tournament at Earls Court, an extra-terrestrial spokesman muttered: ''First time we've lost out to them at football.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Independent Print Ltd</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_75"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=76>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">191 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">WALL STREET JOURNAL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 7, 1992, Tuesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">ADVERTISING; </span><span class="c8">NIKE</span><span class="c7"> NETS A WINNER WITH AGASSI, MCENROE</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">BY JOANNE LIPMAN</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section B; Page 2, Column 3</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">27 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><br/><p class="c6"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> commercial during televised Wimbledon showdown between Andre Agassi and John McEnroe features the two players sporting </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> gear (M)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2"> WSJ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Diagram</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company: Abstracts</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_76"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=77>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">192 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">September</span><span class="c2"> 8, 1991, Sunday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Players' pleas led to switch to </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> shoes</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By David Davidson Staff writergeorgia/tech; football; salaries; leaders</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; SECTION F; PAGE 03</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">388 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Apparently sacrificing personal financial reward, Georgia Tech&#160;football coach Bobby Ross outfitted his 1990 national championship squad&#160;with the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoes his players preferred, taking a $ 37,000 cut from his&#160;previous contract with Pony.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The strained relationship between Ross and Pony was evident in a&#160;letter to him from the company's national marketing manager for football,&#160;Randy Beverly, dated Nov. 6, 1989. It noted that a number of Tech players&#160;were wearing shoes made by other companies, saying that "could be&#160;perceived as a material breach of contract." It also stated: "I would&#160;like to assume that this is a temporary slip on your part and that you&#160;will ensure that in future games the players will wear the appropriate&#160;footwear."</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">On March 26, 1990, Ross signed a contract with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I don't even know what it says," Ross said of his contract with&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, which paid him only $ 6,000 last season. "I used to get some money&#160;from Pony, but the kids wanted </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoes, so we changed."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Ross's remuneration from </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is paid strictly on an incentive&#160;basis:</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- $ 1,000 for winning a conference championship.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- $ 5,000 for winning a national championship.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Ross also receives $ 2,000 (retail value) in </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> merchandise.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> provides 50 pairs of shoes for Tech players, and others must be&#160;purchased at a rate of three pairs for the price of two. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> provides&#160;100 free pairs if Tech goes to a bowl game.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Under Ross's contract with Pony, Tech received 400 pairs of shoes in&#160;1987 and 300 pairs in both 1988 and 1989.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Also, each of 12 assistants and six other persons designated by Ross&#160;receives $ 500 in </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> merchandise, and Ross receives 400 T-shirts to&#160;distribute to youngsters at his summer camp.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Ross was paid a $ 25,000 base stipend by Pony for the 1989 season,&#160;which included the following incentives:</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- $ 1,000 for each national network television game, $ 500 for each&#160;regional game.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- $ 2,000 for a Jan. 1 bowl appearance, or $ 1,000 for a non-New&#160;Year's Day bowl.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- $ 500 for a Top 20 finish, $ 1,000 for a Top 10 finish, $ 5,000 for a&#160;national championship.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- $ 1,000 for an ACC title.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- $ 5,000 for being named national coach of the year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Ross would have gotten $ 4,000 from Pony for Tech's televised games&#160;this season. There is no TV incentive in his </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> contract.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">February 10, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_77"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=78>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">196 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">WALL STREET JOURNAL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 6, 1992, Monday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">PRELIMINARY BAN ON </span><span class="c8">NIKE</span><span class="c7"> SALES, ADS UPHELD BY SPAIN</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">BY MARILYN CHASE</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section A; Page 26, Column 5</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">32 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><br/><p class="c6"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc says constitutional court in Madrid upheld preliminary injunction preventing maker of athletic wear from selling or advertising </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> wear in Spain (S)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2"> WSJ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company: Abstracts</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_78"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=79>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">199 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">WALL STREET JOURNAL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">May</span><span class="c2"> 18, 1992, Monday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">NIKE'S</span><span class="c7"> 4TH-PERIOD NET WILL BE ON LOW END OF ANALYSTS FIGURES</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section B; Page 4, Column 5</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">33 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><br/><p class="c6"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc says earnings for fourth fiscal quarter and for year will fall at lower end of analysts' estimates, resulting in decline in </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> stock for second consecutive day (S)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2"> WSJ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company: Abstracts</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_79"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=80>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">201 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">WALL STREET JOURNAL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">May</span><span class="c2"> 18, 1992, Monday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">NIKE'S</span><span class="c7"> 4TH-PERIOD NET WILL BE ON LOW END OF ANALYSTS FIGURES</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section B; Page 4, Column 5</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">33 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><br/><p class="c6"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc says earnings for fourth fiscal quarter and for year will fall at lower end of analysts' estimates, resulting in decline in </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> stock for second consecutive day (S)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2"> WSJ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company: Abstracts</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_80"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=81>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">202 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 9, 1992, Thursday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Just doing it: </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> stock jumps 6 5/8</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Linda Dono Reeves; Pat Guy</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">MONEY; Pg. 3B</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">389 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Separate company reports pumped up </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> stock Wednesday while cramping comeback efforts of L.A. Gear.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> says it has increased its share of the U.S. athletic-shoe and clothing market to 31%. The stock market approved: </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> class B shares jumped 6 3/8 to $ 66 1/8.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">L.A. Gear's ongoing losses - $ 24.4 million in the second quarter, ended May 31 - caused it to postpone an Aug. 28 dividend payment on its preferred stock. Shares of the athletic-clothing and shoe manufacturer dropped 1 5/8 to $ 10 5/8.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''L.A. Gear shouldn't be a big surprise,'' says Gary M. Jacobson, Kidder Peabody shoe analyst. ''Nineteen ninety-two is a transitional year for L.A. Gear.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But a transitional year is better than the alternative.  If it weren't for the restructuring and new management, L.A. Gear would be in bankruptcy proceedings now, Jacobson notes. Instead, L.A. Gear has settled shareholder lawsuits and government problems, is discounting old inventory and is repositioning as a casual clothier and shoemaker.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''Just Do It'' </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is continuing its cross-training by gaining market share both domestically and internationally.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has built a very firm foundation,'' says Kevin Silverman , analyst at Kemper Securities. Its strong association with pro athletes and its investment in research and development are paying off. But he sees L.A. Gear as a company playing off fashion and suffering from fading fads.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Both analysts like </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> saying it is a bargain even after Wednesday's run- up. They are divided on L.A. Gear. ''I think the market is overlooking the turnaround value of L.A. Gear,'' Jacobson says. ''I think the stock is a steal.''<br/>&#160;<br/> CBS's earnings rise: Thanks mostly to a greater demand for television network advertising, CBS reported a 37% rise in net income per share for the second quarter. Net income was $ 70.1 million, or $ 4.53 per share, vs. $ 50.6 million , or $ 3.31 per share, a year earlier . The network's quarterly revenue rose 10% to $ 781 million from $ 710 million . The stock edged down 7/8 to $ 195 1/2.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Also helping the earnings, says CBS Chairman Laurence Tisch: CBS's rise from third to first place in prime-time network ratings. Plus, it aired the two semifinal games of the NCAA men's basketball tournament during the quarter. Last year, the games aired in the first quarter.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Marketline</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">USA TODAY'S MARKET SCOREBOARD; STREET TALK</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_81"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=82>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">205 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">WALL STREET JOURNAL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">December</span><span class="c2"> 22, 1992, Tuesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">LAWSUIT FILED AGAINST </span><span class="c8">NIKE</span><span class="c7"> CLAIMS PATENT INFRINGEMENT</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section B; Page 7, Column 3</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">26 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><br/><p class="c6"><span class="c2">Wolverine World Wide Inc files suit against </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc on charges that </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> infringed on athletic-shoe patent for elastic inner sock (S)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2"> WSJ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company: Abstracts</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_82"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=83>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">206 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 1, 1991, Monday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> ready to squeeze more ad time out of Bo</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Sal Ruibal</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 2C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">184 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is making advertising lemonade out of Bo Jackson's lemon of an injury, by emphasizing his rehabilitation work.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The shoemaker's new TV ad opens with Bo at the center of the ''Bo Show,'' a Busby Berkeley-style musical with frenetic dancers (in sequined Raiders and White Sox uniforms).</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">As a big band lays down a funky beat, tuxedoed Bo sings </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> new catchphrase, ''Bo knows it's got that Air thing.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But Bo stops the show to proclaim that he's ''an athlete, not an actor.'' He literally crawls out of the TV and gets to work on his rehab program: swimming, spinning on a stationary bike and weight training.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The show goes on, however, with George Foreman as the star. He leads the dancers in a new verse, ''George knows it's got that Air thing.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The ad is directed by Joe Pytka, who is responsible for the original ''Bo Knows'' ads. The first installment is due July 9 during baseball's All-Star Game. Other versions of the ''Bo Show'' will run later this summer and feature a new lineup of guest hosts: Wayne Gretzky, Jerry Rice, Darryl Strawberry, Randall Cunningham and Eric Davis.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">PHOTO; b/w<br/>&#160;<br/>CUTLINE: MAY I CUT IN?: Boxer George Foreman offers to take Bo Jackson's place during </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> new cross-training commercial.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Sportstalk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_83"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=84>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">211 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">September</span><span class="c2"> 8, 1991, Sunday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">SPORTS PEOPLE: TENNIS;<br/>Connors: The Shoes</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section 8; Page 13; Column 5; Sports Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">174 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">JIMMY CONNORS is up to his ankles in a shoe controversy.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Connors, who at age 39 defied the odds by winning reaching the semifinals at the United States Open, has endorsed Converse shoes for so long that the company named a line of tennis shoes for him. Yet at the Open he has played in </span><span class="c4">Nikes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">What's the story here?</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Well, LIZ DOLAN, a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> spokeswoman, said Connors approached a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> representative a few months ago at the Wimbledon championships and said he was having problems with his feet in longer matches and thought that shoes were a factor.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"He told us he would wear our shoes for free if he could get a pair that were really comfortable," Dolan said by telephone from </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> headquarters in Beaverton, Ore.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A Converse spokeswoman, HELENE FLETCHER, said she was authorized only to read a statement that noted Connors was playing "possibly the best tennis of his career."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Converse has enjoyed a longstanding relationship with Jimmy and plans to continue working with him in the years to come," the statement said. (AP)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 8, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_84"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=85>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">212 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Guardian (London)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 22, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">OLYMPIC GAMES: </span><span class="c8">NIKE</span><span class="c7"> IN FRANTIC BATTLE TO SAVE ITS NAME</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 18</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">297 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> TIME is running out for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> in its trademark battle with a Spanish lawyer who has vowed to prevent the United States track and field team from wearing the company's kit in the Barcelona Games.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> With the Olympics opening on Saturday, a Barcelona court refused to lift its order barring </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> from selling or advertising its sports apparel in Spain.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The decision left the company with few short-term options in its wrangle with the attorney Juan Amigo, who bought the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> trademark in 1981 from a Barcelona sock company that registered it as a trademark in the 1930s.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> had insisted it would not negotiate with Amigo and his ally, the Barcelona clothing company Cidesport - a former </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> distributor - who have asked $ 20-30 million ( pounds 11-16 million) for rights to the trademark. Now, in increasing desperation and exhorted by American diplomats, the two sides are scheduled to meet in Madrid today.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The Oregon-based company paid a multi-million-dollar figure to put its name on the US and Algerian teams in Barcelona. It expected the promotional campaign to generate $ 20 million in sales in Spain alone.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> was awarded its own trademark in Spain in 1990 and company officials say they are still confident the Spanish courts will eventually rule the trademark valid.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> But, although the European Commission asked the Spanish government last month to persuade the court to allow </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> to post a bond allowing the company to sell its apparel while awaiting a final decision, the injunction was upheld this month by the Constitutional Tribunal, Spain's highest appeals court.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> says the uniforms are not "advertising", so do not fall under the court order. The trademark dispute does not affect </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> sports shoes or its "swoosh" symbol.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">May 7, 1993</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Guardian Newspapers Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_85"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=86>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">216 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">June</span><span class="c2"> 20, 1992, Saturday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">COMPANY NEWS;<br/></span><span class="c8">NIKE</span><span class="c7"> AGREES TO ACQUIRE MAKER OF SPORTS CAPS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">AP</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section 1; Page 37; Column 1; Financial Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">119 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. signed a letter of intent to acquire the Sports Specialties Corporation, a distributor of licensed headwear based in Irvine, Calif., from the Oppenheimer-Palmieri Fund L.P. Terms of the acquisition, which the companies expect to close within 60 days, were not disclosed.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Sports Specialties, which pioneered the sale of licensed sports merchandise and distributes caps decorated with logos of professional and college sports teams, is expected to have sales of $70 million this year. </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> based in Beaverton, Ore., said Sports Specialties would be operated as a subsidiary. Robert Warsaw, chief executive officer of Sports Specialties, and James Warsaw, president, will remain with the company.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">June 20, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_86"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=87>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">219 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">June</span><span class="c2"> 2, 1992, Tuesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> defends ads</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Jeffry Scott</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS; Section B; Page 2</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">125 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Whether it's corporate philosophy or advertising, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. takes the same approach: Just Do It.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">New research shows that black role models such as Magic Johnson and Jesse Jackson may be no more persuasive than President Bush in reaching young urban blacks.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">But </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> still thinks its latest Spike Lee ads are worth it.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In the $ 800,000 campaign that broke last week, the black filmmaker pitches racial harmony along with sneakers.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"If we're gonna live together, we've gotta play together," Mr. Lee said in the ad.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> spokesman Dusty Kidd said the effectiveness of a campaign "is always difficult to measure." But that's not a concern of the company.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"It's important to at least make an attempt to get your point of view across," he said.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">June 4, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_87"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=88>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">221 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">April</span><span class="c2"> 16, 1991, Tuesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Converse sidesteps shoe wars, goes back to basics in new ads</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS; SECTION B; PAGE 02</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">199 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">While </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and Reebok continue stomping each other for supremacy in&#160;the athletic shoe market, Converse has snuck in with a refreshing new&#160;back-to-the-basics marketing campaign.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Once the king of canvas, Converse Inc. had been reduced to also-ran&#160;status in the sneaker market after the meteoric leap of No. 1 </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc.&#160;and No. 2 Reebok International Ltd.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Reebok, with its current "Pump Up, and Air Out" campaign, and&#160;British Knights's new spots featuring rapper M.C. Hammer jeering, "Your&#160;mother wears </span><span class="c4">Nikes!</span><span class="c2">" both bash market leader </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In a decidedly contrarian approach to the fray, no-nonsense Converse&#160;has come up with an "It's what's inside that counts" promotion that&#160;features more shoes than celebrity endorsers.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The campaign's sports pros - Larry Bird, Jimmy Connors and Bernard&#160;King - play off the brand's 83-year history with folksy conversations,&#160;such as Mr. Connors's that starts like this: "My mother learned to play&#160;tennis from her mother . . . " The $ 22 million campaign, launched this&#160;month, is Converse's biggest ever.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We didn't want to join the finger-pointing match against </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">,"&#160;said Gordon Tucker, Converse senior vice president of marketing.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">February 10, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Photo: No </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">-stomping: Converse touts its history. / Converse</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_88"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=89>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">222 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Globe and Mail (Canada)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 21, 1991 Thursday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> stock tumbles for the third day   Higher profit still disappoints investors</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">REUT</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">315 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">BEAVERTON, Ore. </span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Reuters News Agency<br/>  BEAVERTON, Ore.<br/>&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., the largest U.S. marketer of athletic shoes, reported third-<br/>quarter earnings jumped 12 per cent but the performance has disappointed<br/>Wall Street this week and </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> stock price tumbled.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">    The Beaverton-based sneaker maker - whose earnings were restrained by<br/>advertising and interest costs - earned $70.7-million (U.S.) in the<br/>quarter ended Feb. 28, or 93 cents a share, up from $63.1-million or 83<br/>cents a year earlier.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">On the New York Stock Exchange on Monday, its stock tumbled $2.50 to<br/>finish at $47.50 in active trading after the earnings report. The shares<br/>fell another $1.75 on Tuesday and 50 cents yesterday, to close at $45.25.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> share earnings were at the low end of Wall Street forecasts,<br/>which ranged from 90 cents to $1.05, according to a survey of 13 analysts<br/>by Lynch Jones &amp; Ryan Inc. The average forecast was 97 cents a share.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In its earnings report, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> said revenue shot up 39 per cent in the<br/>third quarter to $802.2-million from $577.9-million a year earlier.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Separately, the once high-flying sneaker maker L.A. Gear Inc. said it<br/>had reached agreement with its banks to restructure loan agreements.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Last month the No. 3 maker of athletic shoes reported a $7.1-million<br/>loss for the fourth quarter, technically throwing L.A. Gear into default<br/>with the banks.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Los Angeles-based L.A. Gear said its agreement with bank lenders, led<br/>by BankAmerica Corp. of San Francisco, waives the sneaker maker from a<br/>technical default it had anticipated. The company has said it expects a<br/>first-quarter loss.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The company said total bank credit will be cut, at its request, to<br/>$300-million from $360-million, with a limit of $250-million for<br/>borrowings and $70-million for letters of credit. The sublimit for letters<br/>of credit would fall to $50-million later in the year. The agreement is<br/>subject to final documentation, expected to be completed by the end of<br/>March.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">January 9, 2007</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">PUBLICATION-TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Newspaper</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.<br/>All Rights Reserved</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_89"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=90>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">225 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">May</span><span class="c2"> 14, 1992, Thursday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> to let Sanders be like Mike</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By I.J. Rosenberg STAFF WRITERpersonalities; contracts; baseball; finances; advertisment; atlanta/braves</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Section E; Page 1</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">271 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Barry Bonds is arguably the best player in baseball, but before Wednesday's game the Pittsburgh outfielder seemed a little envious of Deion Sanders's new multi-year deal with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He told his good friend and two-sport star, "I'll just take $ 100 and some shoes."</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sanders will get much more than that after signing on earlier in the day with the shoe giant that has helped make mega-stars of Michael Jordan and Bo Jackson.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Neither </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> nor Sanders's agent, Eugene Parker, would discuss financial terms of the multi-year deal. But Sanders said several weeks ago that the contract was worth more than his contract with the Falcons, which is $ 750,000 a season.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"It's going to be a lot of fun," Sanders, who did not have any major endorsements before the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> deal, said Wednesday. "We're going to do some commercials and I'm just going to be myself."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> spokeswoman Lisa Deneffe said Sanders will be used to endorse the cross-trainer shoe and other fitness products.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Deion will definitely be very visible," she said. "We feel he can bring a lot to us."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">His first commercial will air sometime around the baseball All-Star Game in July, and part of it will be shot in New York on May 28, a Braves off-day.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">What will it be about?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We won't give that away," said Deneffe. Said Sanders, "I can't say anything. It's going to be a surprise. Maybe I'll do some dancing."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Meanwhile, Parker said there has been little discussion with the Braves about a contract extension which would take Sanders through the baseball season. His client's current contract ends July 31, when he is supposed to report to the Falcons.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">May 17, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">color photo: mug of Deion Sanders.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_90"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=91>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">227 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Sun Herald (Sydney, Australia)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 26, 1992 Sunday</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>Late Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">BUSH'S THREAT IN GAMES SQUABBLE; <br/>BARCELONA NOTEBOOK</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">ALEX MITCHELL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 30</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">1245 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">THE threat of war hangs over the 25th Olympic Games in Barcelona. A trade war, in fact. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, the US sports shoe manufacturer, has found to its chagrin that becoming an official patron of the Games buys no favours in Spain.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A Barcelona judge has ruled the multinational company may not advertise or distribute its products in Spain. The case was brought by the Catalan firm of Cidesport, a family company which has held rights of the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> trademark in Spain since 1932.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Now President George Bush's office has intervened, through international trade spokeswoman Carla Hill, to register its anger with Spain's Ministry of Trade and Industry.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The US has now put Spain firmly on the list of countries which could suffer reprisals if it continues to impose protective measures against the company which is based in Portland, Oregon (which Bush hopes to carry in November's Presidential election.)</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sergei Bubka, and Michael Jordan are among the American firms' best-known sponsored athletes. Undeterred, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> says its leading athletes will wear its products because they are not for sale in Spain.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Lawyers for Spanish </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> say the police are entitled to enforce compliance with the law - thereby raising the spectacle of the US men's relay team running barefoot |</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">With commercial sponsorship of athletes reaching grotesque levels at these Games, it's unlikely either </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> will back down.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">TERRORIST FEAR</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">THE Games have occasioned the biggest police exercise in Spain since the rule of fascist dictator Franco. More than 30,000 policemen are keeping watch from helicopters, tanks, motorbikes, patrol cars and unmarked vehicles.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Some security men are even in the harbour and off the coast in navy submarines.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Operations are being directed from a $1 million purpose-built bunker, centre of a closed-circuit video network filming the stadium and tracks, the Olympic village and the city's main streets.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The main fear is a headline-grabbing military operation by members of ETA, the ultra-nationalist group seeking independence for the Basque country in northern Spain.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">With many ETA activists in jail in both France and Spain, Barcelonans are praying for a trouble-free Olympics.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In the hot seat is Interior Minister Jose Luis Corcuera who boasted in Parliament that recent arrests probably left only one active ETA commando unit in Spain. That's fine, Jose, but where is it?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">After two years of efforts to reach a truce, the Spanish Government evidently felt strong enough to maintain an official silence in the face of a recent truce offer from ETA leaders.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Last week two Basque political parties, Herri Batasuna and Eusko Alkartasuna, signed a joint pact and wrote to Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez and French President Francois Mitterrand demanding recognition of the Basques' right to self-determination.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">If ETA and the Basques behave during the Games, the Spanish Government has let it be known, ever so unofficially, that it will make some "tactical, conciliatory gestures" to the Basque nation.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">TOUCHY SUBJECT</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">IT is not Basque terrorists but the regional government of Catalonia(capital Barcelona) which is causing most embarrassment to Spanish authorities.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jordi Pujol, head of Catalonia's Council, has outraged Madrid by campaigning in the European press for recognition of Catalonia. One full-page advertisement declared Catalonia was "a country within Spain which has been able to bring the Olympics to its capital, Barcelona".</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Pujol's campaign has led to an outcry from the Madrid Government which points out that the central government has borne more than 50 per cent of the cost.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In his visit last week to the Olympic village where his son, Felipe, is a member of Spain's yachting team, King Juan Carlos made no direct reference to the controversy. But he did remark that the Games were "of transcendental importance in the history of Spain".</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Pujol, unrepentant, accused Spain's ruling Socialist Party of"criminalising Catalan nationalism". The lofty ideals of the Olympics are unlikely to heal the breach.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A hardy contingent of sports fans from Australia have fallen at the first Olympic hurdle - the language barrier.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Jeez, mate," complained one Aussie, "it's hard to get around over here. No-one speaks Australian."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It reminded me of the old bloke from Coogee who went on a world tour soon after retiring. Back at the bowling club eight weeks' later someone asked him how it had gone.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"It was OK," he said grudgingly, "except there were too many New Australians."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">HUMAN FAILURE</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">WHILE the Games are in the stadiums, Barcelona's Science Museum is not to be outdone. It is staging an exhibition of sports simulation which enables visitors to experience the thrill of the grand slalom or the pole vault, for example, without actually moving.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">As well, the exhibition features comparisons between human athletic records and the achievements of the animal kingdom. This shows that no animal has jumped as high as the kangaroo (3.3 metres); that only Sergei Bubka, with his 6.13m pole vault, has jumped higher than a dolphin, and that Arnold Schwarzenegger swinging on a rope exerts a force of 100kg, less than one-third of that achieved by your average chimpanzee.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">I wonder if our Science Museum could mount a similar exercise comparing the intelligence of animals and, say, politicians. Just a thought.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">HOTSHOTS</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">THE hidden factor of these Games may well prove to be the heat. It is sweltering. Temperatures over the past week have swung between 30 to 38 degrees.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Spain's own Olympic football team has been suffering. Being blow-wave Iberians, a sports psychologist, Dr Jesus Garcia Barrero, was called in to help cool them down. My tip is that the sun-parched Moroccans, Algerians, Ethiopians and Kenyans will star in the track events. Give the Icelanders and Finns a miss this year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">DAYLIGHT ROBBERY</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">IT comes as no surprise to learn that the Spaniards gave us the word pirata which we translate as pirate. I visited an official money-changing office which carried a table in the window offering 178 pesetas for each Pound 1 sterling. I changed Pound 50 and discovered to my horror I had received only 161 pesetas per Pound .</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">When I protested I was insolently told the higher rate was only for transactions worth 500,000 pesetas or more. I got my money back but only after a furious row involving a threat to call the police.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Barcelona's restaurateurs have also gone mad. As of last week their eateries became - officially - the highest priced in all of Spain. Their bonanza may be shortlived. One hotel chain owner predicted in El Mundo last week that half of the city's restaurants will fold after the three-week Games</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">HARD YAKKA |</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">IN Seville, the Australian Consul ate is housed in the British Institute. Yes, folks, the British are the landlords and we are the humble tenants.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">And the office keeps strict British colonial hours - open Monday to Friday, 10am to noon.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">CASTRO'S VISIT EMBARRASSES THE HOST</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">BARCELONA is plastered with posters greeting Cuba's President, Fidel Castro.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He arrives today with 20 other Latin American heads of state for the Iberio-American summit opening in Madrid on Thursday. "Cuba, with you more than ever," say the street posters.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Spain's Prime Minister, Felipe Gonzalez, a fawning friend of Uncle Sam, is doing his best to play down Castro's historic visit.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">While left-wing mayors and regional leaders are queueing for a photo opportunity with the honcho from Havana, USA-style socialist Gonzalez will beat Ben Johnson sprinting in the other direction.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Perhaps wind-assisted.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">July 21, 2007</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Four Ports: VISITOR: Fidel Castro BUSH, JORDAN, ARNOLD Illus: TRUE BLUE: Sergei Bubka will defy Spanish authorities on the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> affair.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">PUBLICATION-TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Newspaper</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd<br/>All Rights Reserved</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_91"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=92>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">229 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Herald Sun</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">August</span><span class="c2"> 6, 1992 Thursday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> says trade boot is on the other foot</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">HERALD BUSINESS; Pg. 49</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">219 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">TWO of the world's biggest suppliers of sports equipment - </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and Adidas - have warned the US Government that trade retaliation against China would seriously hurt their Hong Kong operations.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, the world's largest producer of sports shoes, said if punitive tariffs were imposed </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> would have to sharply raise prices or shut down its entire operation in China.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Such action would undermine its regional headquarters in Hong Kong, where there would be thousands of job losses, the company said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has urged the US Trade Representative to target China's state-run shoe factories instead of those operated by private enterprises.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Adidas, another industry giant, said all of its financing, purchases and shipping for Adidas merchandise manufactured in China was done through businesses in Hong Kong, which would be hard hit by US trade retaliation.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> For example, a company such as Yue Yuen Industrial Ltd, the large sports shoe maker which listed on the Hong Kong stock exchange in June, could see its business seriously wounded.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> But the powerful American Textile Manufacturers Institute (ATMI) has demanded that the US impose punitive tariffs on key Chinese exports to match dollar-for-dollar the losses suffered by the US from China's trade barriers.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Sth CHINA MORNING POST</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> END OF STORY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 27, 2003</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2">DHS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Nationwide News Pty Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_92"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=93>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">231 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Ottawa Citizen</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 14, 1992, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">DIGEST</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">CITIZEN; CITIZEN NEWS SERVICES</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; SPORTS DIGEST; Pg. E6</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> OLYMPICS</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> says OK</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. said Monday its trademark problem in Spain won't affect the ability of national teams to wear </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">-produced uniforms in the Olympic Games. "Despite repeated press reports that link our trademark case to Olympic uniforms, there is no connection legally," said Lindsay Stewart, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> vice-president and corporate counsel. He said the uniforms bearing the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> logo comply with International Olympic Committee regulations that restrict advertising. "The courts in Spainhave ruled we may not sell apparel or advertise our apparel until our trademark case is settled," Stewart said. The company will provide the national uniforms to the track and field teams of the United States, Nigeria, Algeria, Paraguay and the Bahamas.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">SWIMMING</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Local medal haul</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Paced by Hannah Buchanan, Shelly Price and Shannon Marklew, Nepean-Kanata Barracudas rose from 22nd place a year earlier to seventh in provincial swim team age-group rankings as they turned in a solid effort at the Ontario Long Course Age-Group championships in Etobicoke. Buchan, 10, who had earned under-10 high point honors at the recent Eastern Ontario championships at the Nepean Sportsplex, earned silver medals in the 200 and 400 freestyle; Price, 12, took silver in the 200 breaststroke and Marklew, 13, bronze in the 200 metre butterfly. Gloucester-Ottawa Swim Club's J.M. Mills, 12, broke the existing Ontario record of 1 minute, 7.92 seconds in the 100 backstroke with a 1:07.74 clocking but finished behind Windsor's Greg Meisner who swam the distance in 1:06.03, provincial and Canadian records. Mills also missed a Canadian record in the 50 freestyle as he swam 26.30. The national mark is 26.20. Mills added a second silver in the 100 freestyle and a bronze in the 100 butterfly. GO teammate Stephanie Zarins took gold in the 200 breaststroke and Gord Veldman of Ernestown earned gold in the 200 backstroke. Julie Gravelle, 12, of GO won three silver and two bronze; Jean Ooi, 14, of Ernestown a silver; Perth's Kelly Crampton a bronze and the Cornwall 4x50 freestyle relay squad of Erin Berard, Corina MacRae, Harveen Soodan and Andrea Bedard the 11-12 girls relay bronze.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">(Citizen staff and news services.)</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">July 15, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">372 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 CanWest Interactive, a division of<br/>CanWest Global Communications Corp.<br/>All Rights Reserved</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_93"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=94>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">232 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">December</span><span class="c2"> 19, 1992, Saturday,</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">WEEKLY EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> profits jump</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Financial Times of London and Financial Post news services</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SECTION 4, THE MARKETS; Pg. 26, International Company News</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">98 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. posted a 23% increase in profits for its latest quarter Friday and said worldwide orders continue to be strong.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">The leader in athletic footwear said it earned a record US$76 million (US98 cents a share) in the quarter that ended Nov. 30, compared with US$61.5 million (US80 cents) a year earlier. Revenues rose to US$875.8 million from US$743.4 million. For the first half of its fiscal year, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> earnings have jumped to US$198.6 million (US$2.58) from US$176 million (US$2.30) in last year's first half. Revenues have risen to US$1.98 billion from US$1.69 billion.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 6, 1997</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">COLUMN</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Financial Post Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_94"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=95>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">234 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">November</span><span class="c2"> 20, 1992, Friday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Jordan, league fashion a compromise</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Peter Vecsey</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; BASKETBALL COMMENTARY; Pg. 4C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">824 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">NEW YORK</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> A yearlong dispute regarding the use of Michael Jordan's likeness on NBA sportswear has been resolved in principle - without litigation or arbitration - to the satisfaction of His Airness, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and the league.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But, according to Doug Stamms, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> marketing attorney, ''The ink is not dry yet.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Deputy commissioner Russell Granik is comfortable, though. He says </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> Jordan and the NBA are ''finding a way to live together and prosper.''</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The three parties worked out their differences as they applied to the Olympics and have now dealt with broader issues pertaining to league merchandising.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">For whatever it's worth (David Stern is on call to caddy for Michael), the league has retained the right to market Jordan's likeness.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Had it not, the NBA probably would've substituted Mirage hotel and casino owner Steve Wynn.<br/>&#160;<br/> MAGIC FORMULA: Nobody says it better than columnist Dan Shaughnessy. For example, in Tuesday's Boston Globe, he noted, ''Magic Johnson has said the same things so many times that even Arsenio will have a hard time pretending he's hearing the stuff for the first time.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Then again, Magic has said so many things so many different ways, the truth is often ignored in the process.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Out of one side of his mouth, Magic fingered the Cavaliers for allegedly backing off him because of a bandaged scratch on his arm, a premise Craig Ehlo and Cleveland teammates labeled absurd.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Out of the other side, Magic tried to lay guilt trips on Suns owner Jerry Colangelo and Karl Malone for voicing concerns regarding the risk of playing against Johnson, who's infected with the AIDS virus. According to Magic's warped logic, their ulterior motive was to ice the competition.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">To be perfectly blunt, Magic's assertion that Malone's comments influenced his decision is sheer twisted wreckage.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Immediately following his final retirement, he was quoted extensively as saying he didn't even know what Malone said until 36 hours after his decision. Shortly thereafter, he created a more convenient story line.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In the last couple weeks, I figure Magic has been fawned over by the national media roughly a dozen times in his effort to sell his book to people who'll buy anything and to document his world-class athleticism for womanizing.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Not once has an interviewer refuted Magic on the Malone discrepancy or other bogus contentions. Not once has one challenged his preposterous Cavaliers theory. Not once has anyone questioned his supposed concern for others as a factor in his retirement, when, in reality, the only person he ever really has been concerned about is himself.<br/>&#160;<br/> CLIFF NOTES: As far as I know, Cliff Robinson is the only player in the league who plays three frontcourt positions every night and defends them all with honor. Occasionally, he must even clamp down on a particularly hot off guard.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Each season, the 6-9 Trail Blazers' minutes, blocks, steals, rebounds, scoring, (turnovers), field goal and free throw percentages improve. Yet his lack of recognition is constant.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Each season, Robinson plays in every exhibition, every regular-season game (251 and counting) and every playoff game (58) and doesn't fool around in any of 'em. Yet his durability, versatility and competitive spirit are largely ignored.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Each season, the Blazers have advanced well into the playoffs, and Robinson's role has increased. Yet each time ballots are cast for best sixth man, most improved or best defensive player, he's one step removed from an afterthought.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">How can that be? It must be because Cliff has such a hard last name to remember compared to vote getters such as Sarunas Marciulionis, Detlef Schrempf and Dan Majerle.<br/>&#160;<br/> WONDERLAND: That's not all I'm wondering about today:</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- I mean, is Larry Bird working in Boston's front or back office?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- Shouldn't the Nets be thinking of getting Vernon ''Can't we all just get along?'' Maxwell to enhance their chemistry?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- Think Clifford Ray gets visibly excited about a comeback each time he reads a Warriors box score? How about Martha Raye?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- Does the Hornets' Allan Bristow entertain any plans of getting into coaching this season?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- Will the Hornets' Johnny Newman's field goal attempts dip to fewer than 15 a game now that he has broken his shooting hand?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- Have the Hornets really replaced Newman with David Wingate? Who's his agent, Marion Barry?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- Since the Celtics obviously have to do something (signing first- rounder Jon Barry to a fair contract is too easy), I wonder who'll be the lucky unrestricted free agent VP Dave Gavitt falls in love with but won't pursue? Who will Gavitt trade for, then ignore because he expects to get paid? Who will Gavitt claim off waivers, then release before his first per diem check is due?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Charles Barkley wanted to take his little girl to see Malcolm X but felt it was too violent, reports column castigator Frank Drucker. ''So he's waiting for Spike Lee to make the sequel, Malcolm PG.''</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_95"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=96>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">235 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">October</span><span class="c2"> 5, 1992, Monday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> values versatility</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 2C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">83 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Deion Sanders finds that it pays to play two sports.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sander's three-year endorsement contract with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> calls for him to earn $ 1 million a year as long as he plays both baseball and football.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">If Sanders, an outfielder for the Atlanta Braves and cornerback for the Falcons, decides to play only one sport, the contract's value drops to $ 100,000.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> also has an option to drop the contract completely if Sanders chooses one sport, according to The (Atlanta) Journal-Constitution.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Sportstalk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_96"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=97>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">240 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">October</span><span class="c2"> 3, 1992, Saturday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">BASEBALL: THE BRAVES </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> deal worth $ 1 million a year, making Sanders a $ 4 million man</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Len Pasquarelli STAFF WRITERsports; business; contracts; advertising; atlanta/braves; atlanta/falcons</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Section D; Page 7</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">382 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">If his contract to endorse </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> athletic shoes and apparel has any bearing on Deion Sanders's future, the dual sports star is likely to continue juggling his football and baseball careers for the next few years.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The three-year deal signed this summer calls for Sanders to receive about $ 1 million annually from the athletic shoe manufacturer, provided the Falcons cornerback/Braves outfielder plays at least a half-season in each of the two sports, according to an attorney who reviewed the contract for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sanders also receives a bonus based on the sales volume of the model of shoe he wears in each sport.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The penalty if Sanders were to give up either sport is a stiff one, dropping the contract's value to about $ 100,000. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> also maintains an option to terminate the contract should Sanders decide to play one sport.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sanders's deal with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> will likely push his sports-related earnings for 1992 close to the $ 4 million mark.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">His contract with the Braves, extended through the regular season, will pay him $ 972,000 and offers Sanders the opportunity to add another $ 100,000 or more in postseason bonuses.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sanders's new one-year "supplemental contract" with the Falcons calls for about $ 2 million. However, he figures to forfeit between $ 400,000 and $ 500,000 in penalties for missing the club's first regular- season game and one or two midseason games while he joins the Braves for baseball's postseason.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sanders's attorney, Eugene Parker, could not be reached for comment. Lisa DeNeffe, public relations manager for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, declined to comment on the contract.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">DeNeffe did say the company was "tremendously excited" by the early results of Sanders's endorsement deal.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"It's definitely a good fit for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">," said DeNeffe. "We've done the one [commercial] spot so far and, based on our consumer hotline, it's had great response. We're definitely looking forward to furthering our relationship with Deion."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">DeNeffe said a second commercial featuring Sanders would debut around the Christmas holidays but declined to offer details.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Reports have indicated Sanders and comic Dennis Leary, who appears in the first commercial, will discuss why Santa Claus is not generally portrayed as a black man.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Staff writer I.J. Rosenberg also contributed to this report.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">October 7, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH922810097</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">color photo RAN ON D-1: $ 4 million man Deion Sanders has a $ 1 million endorsement deal with </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span><span class="c2">Deion Sanders's deal with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> likely will push his sports-related earnings for 1992 close to the $ 4 million mark. But there are considerable losses if he doesn't play both football and baseball.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_97"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=98>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">242 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">January</span><span class="c2"> 3, 1991, Thursday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Praise for </span><span class="c8">Nike,</span><span class="c7"> Milk-Bone, revival ads</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Stuart Elliot</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">MONEY; Pg. 8B</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">747 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> For advertisers, 1990 was a strange year. Early on, the outlook was rosy. Ads glowed with glasnost to celebrate historic changes in Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union. But by fall, ads addressed more somber topics - a souring economy and the Persian Gulf crisis. USA TODAY's Stuart Elliott looks back in this review of best and worst ads of 1990:<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> hits again: </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> just might be the most creative advertiser of 1990. The best of the best was ''Bo's family reunion.'' Few thought </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> could top its ''Bo knows'' spots, among the best ads of 1989. But this wildly imaginative TV ad presented 15 versions of superstar Bo Jackson, excelling in every sport from football and baseball to horse racing and golf.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Other highlights:</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- ''Announcers,'' a TV ad that parodies football, sportscasters and </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> own ads.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- Two more TV ads in the Mars Blackmon series directed by Spike Lee and co-starring Lee and basketball titan Michael Jordan. They drew more praise than Lee got for his movie Mo' Better Blues.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- A new campaign called ''Rock 'n' roll tennis.'' One TV ad paired Andre Agassi and the year's most unlikely pitchstars - the Red Hot Chili Peppers, a cult punk-rock band.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Not every ad clicked. Someday, Mr. Rogers is going to spank </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> for the ''Mr. Robinson's Neighborhood'' ads with David Robinson. Can you say, ''Cease and desist''? Agency: Wieden &amp; Kennedy Inc.<br/>&#160;<br/> In the pink: Year 2 of Energizer's series of E.B. ads surpassed the fun of Year 1, when Energizer also made the Best Ads list. Just when viewers least expected it, along came the pink rabbit to march through ads that mock other ads. Targets in '90: ads for air fresheners, long-distance telephone service, soft drinks and hemorrhoid remedies.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Most hilarious: an ad that simultaneously made fun of foreign films and coming attractions. It took the form of a preview for a make-believe movie called Dance with Your Feet. To complete the illusion, the ad ran in movie theaters as well as on TV. Agency: Chiat/Day/<br/>Mojo Inc.<br/>&#160;<br/> Politically speaking: For everyone who despairs over mud-slinging political ads, hope surfaced in Minnesota's U.S. Senate race. Deftly humorous TV ads for long-shot challenger Paul Wellstone were a big reason that he upset the two-term Republican incumbent, Sen. Rudy Boschwitz.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">One ad, ''Looking for Rudy,'' was based on the comic documentary Roger &amp; Me. The ad followed Wellstone as he searched in vain for Boschwitz so they could debate.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Another ad, ''Fast-paced Paul,'' presented Wellstone cramming all his positions into a single 30-second spot. The rapid spiel was necessary, the ad explained, because Wellstone couldn't match Boschwitz's ad budget. Agency: North Woods Advertising, adman Bill Hillsman's free-lance shop.<br/>&#160;<br/> Doggone clever: A TV ad for Milk-Bone dog treats put smiles on the faces of viewers by putting a smile on the face of a dog. The ad likened new Milk- Bone tartar-control products to toothpaste. The inspired video image that closed the sale: a bull mastiff sporting an enormous ear-to-ear grin. The silly sight was made possible by special effects that superimposed a human mouth onto the dog's mouth. Agency: FCB/Leber Katz Partners.<br/>&#160;<br/> These ads fly: The growing glut of car ads in '90 made it hard for any pitch to stand out. Kudos to Chrysler's Eagle line for ads that manage to stand out and be outstanding.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The ads all are in the same style: As an announcer asks a car buyer why he or she purchased a 1991 Eagle model, there's a wry twist to a familiar joke.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sample: A man says Eagle Talon ''rated higher in overall quality of workmanship than cars like Ford Probe and Honda CRX.'' Says the announcer, actor Orson Bean: ''I'd like to see a breakdown of all the competition.'' The man replies, ''Now, let's not get spiteful.'' Agency: Campbell-Mithun-Esty Advertising.<br/>&#160;<br/> Comebacks: A hot trend that began in '88 - revival ads - reached fever pitch. To get the attention of baby-boom consumers, advertisers brought back familiar characters, slogans and jingles of the '50s, '60s and '70s.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A warm Welcome Back to: Punchy, Hawaiian Punch's punch-drinking cartoon kid; Coca-Cola Classic's reunited hilltop choir; Nipper the RCA dog, joined by a junior puppy partner; a cartoon baby named Horton whose first words are ''Ruffles have r-r-r-r-idges''; and Joe DiMaggio back at bat for Mr. Coffee.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Agencies: N W Ayer, McCann-Ericson, Ammirati &amp; Puris, DDB Needham Worldwide, Meldrum &amp; Fewsmith Advertising.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">EAR PHOTO; color, Rob Brown, USA TODAY; PHOTO; color (2)<br/>&#160;<br/>CUTLINE: BO JACKSON: Star of </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> imaginative ad. CUTLINE: MULTI-BOs: </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> ad features 15 versions of athlete Bo Jackson. CUTLINE: E.B. RIDES AGAIN: Energizer spoofs ads for long distance.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">Ribbon Label; 1990'S BEST AND WORST ADS; 2</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_98"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=99>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">245 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 10, 1991, Sunday, Final Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Boycott or Not, </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> Sales Push Upward;<br/>Jackson's Troubled Operation No Match for Thompson, Lee and Jordan</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">Bill Brubaker</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">FIRST SECTION; PAGE A19</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">516 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Inside a suite in New York City's Grand Hyatt hotel, three of America's most celebrated black sports and entertainment figures were trying to make peace with Operation PUSH, the Chicago-based civil rights organization. Georgetown basketball coach John Thompson was there. So was actor/filmmaker Spike Lee. And Chicago Bulls all-star guard Michael Jordan.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The three celebrities gathered on a Sunday evening last September as paid representatives of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., the world's largest athletic shoe and apparel company. Their mission: End the boycott PUSH had called against </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> to protest its minority hiring and business practices.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The meeting was scheduled after </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Chairman Phil Knight failed to satisfy PUSH during a widely publicized session in August on the Georgetown campus. "It was John Thompson's idea," Knight said of the New York meeting. "I was complaining to John that we weren't getting anywhere in negotiations. John's line to me was, 'You think too much like a white man. Let me go negotiate with them.' "</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But the negotiations failed -- and the two sides haven't met since. Now, as the largely unsuccessful boycott continues, the Rev. Jesse Jackson, who founded PUSH, refers to </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> black endorsers as "shoe salesmen" who seem more interested in making money than "fighting for equal opportunity."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">PUSH officials complain that </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> -- though its annual retail sales to black consumers total hundreds of millions of dollars -- has no high-ranking black executives and does no business with black-owned banks and advertising agencies. According to </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, 320 (7.5 percent) of its 4,243 U.S.-based employees are black. Blacks account for about 4 percent of the population of metropolitan Portland, Ore., where </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is based.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has announced it will hire a minority vice president this year and name a minority to its board of directors by 1992. Knight said the appointments probably will be black. "If we were perfect, we would've gotten that taken care of sooner," he said, adding that </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> was formed in 1972 as a small, "too male and too white" company.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Thompson, a $ 200,000-plus-a-year </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> consultant, said no organization has a right to tell another how to do business. Jackson responded in a recent interview: "That detachment from ethical responsibility, that detachment from racial justice, as opposed to personal aggrandizement, is not in the best tradition of fighting for equal opportunity."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The boycott has had little apparent effect on </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, whose earnings soared 58 percent last September, October and November over the corresponding period in 1989. Jackson said the PUSH boycott will continue until </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> negotiates "a joint plan for economic justice." The boycott may be difficult to sustain: PUSH, citing economic troubles, recently laid off its entire 12-person national staff.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Thompson gently poked fun at Jackson last fall, giving him a pair of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> sneakers for his 49th birthday. "When Jesse opened the box, he broke out laughing," Thompson recalled. But now Jackson isn't smiling. "Those sneakers," he said, "they're still in the box."</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SERIES: </span><span class="c2">THE SNEAKER PHENOMENON, Part 1 of 2</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">PHOTO, AFTER AN AUGUST 1990 NEWS CONFERENCE, THOMPSON, RIGHT, AND JACKSON CONFERRED ABOUT OPERATION PUSH'S BOYCOTT OF </span><span class="c4">NIKE</span><span class="c2"> TO PROTEST ITS MINORITY HIRING AND BUSINESS PRACTICES. CAROL GUZY; PHOTO</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">SERIES</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_99"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=100>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">248 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">April</span><span class="c2"> 25, 1992, Saturday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">BUSINESS REPORT: ON RETAILING Saucony chases </span><span class="c8">Nike,</span><span class="c7"> Reebok</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Sonia Murray</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS; Section B; Page 2</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">94 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">In the end, what's good for the sole is what counts.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">While athletic-wear giants </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and Reebok account for about half of the running shoes sold in this country, the May issue of Consumer Reports plugs lesser-known and less-costly Saucony Jazz 3000.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Saucony shoes rated higher than </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and Reebok models in recent tests conducted by the magazine's athletic equipment experts.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">However, the magazine did recommend </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air 180 and Avia ARC 2040MZ for men. For women, New Balance W997 and the Reebok Running Pump also impressed the in-house testers.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">April 28, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_100"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=101>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">249 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Advertiser</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">December</span><span class="c2"> 14, 1991 Saturday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">The top ten</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">77 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Stepping out in the latest sports shoes is not cheap, as this list of the 10 most expensive shoes proves.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">1. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air Force 180 High $329.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">2. Rockport Hiking Boot $295.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">3. Rockport Hiking Shoe $279.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">4. Reebok Court Victory Pump $259.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">5. Reebok SXT Pump $249.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">6. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air Jordon 7 $239.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">7. LA Gear Catapult $229.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">8. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air-Tech Challenge $229.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">9. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air 180 running shoes $229.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">10. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air Max $199.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 25, 2003</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2">ADV</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_101"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=102>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">254 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 31, 1992, Friday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">BARCELONA OLYMPICS OLYMPIC GAMES Olympic sidelines News and notes from around the Games </span><span class="c8">Nike:</span><span class="c7"> Wearing Reebok OK</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Section E; Page 4</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">292 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Liz Dolan, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> vice president of corporate communications, says five minutes on the medal stand won't make anyone think Michael Jordan or any other </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> clients represent Reebok.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"You'd have to have been living in a cave to think that," Dolan said.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">"In Michael's case, he'd wear [the official uniform] for five minutes; he'll wear our shoes his entire career. There's no risk that anyone will think he's affiliated with anyone but </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">That's why, Dolan said, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is encouraging all of its Olympic medal- winners to wear the official medal-ceremony uniform, which is a Reebok product. Reebok's contract is believed to be worth about $ 4 million.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jordan has said "there is no way in the world I am wearing a suit that's made by Reebok," but he also has hedged slightly, saying he'll decide "when the time comes." USA press chief Mike Moran has said that any medal winner who does not comply will not be permitted on the awards stand, and that no athlete ever has refused to wear the official uniform. In the previous two Olympics, Levi Strauss held the contract.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Dream Team's </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> clients also include David Robinson, Charles Barkley, Scottie Pippen, Chris Mullin, John Stockton and assistant coach P.J. Carlesimo.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Bureaucracy wins</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sprinting star Bruno Marie-Rose has been excluded from the 100-meter race at the Olympics because French organizers forgot to register him. Marie-Rose, a member of the team that set a world record in the 400-meter relay in 1990, was told Thursday he was excluded from the 100 because of the error by French track officials. "It's so stupid, so idiotic," he said. Serge Bord, who already plans to step down as head of France's track team after the Games, assumed responsibility for the mistake.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">August 6, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH922190247</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_102"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=103>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">256 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Herald Sun</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">February</span><span class="c2"> 22, 1991 Friday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">ANGIE REWARDS COACH'S FAITH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">279 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">LEN McKENDRY has sprung one of the surprises of the season by recommending temperamental Heidelberg winger Angie Goutzioulis to national coach Eddie Thomson.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Goutzioulis has earned three weeks of suspension from bookings and landed an extra week after being sent off early in the game against Wollongong City.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> But McKendry retained his belief in the player's ability and was rewarded when the player turned on a match-winning performance against Marconi on Sunday.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Goutzioulis' performance earns him the player-of-the-week title in the Herald-Sun </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air Golden Boot award.The weekly winner receives a pair of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air runners valued at $280. The end of season winner collects $2000 cash from </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Herald-Sun </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air Golden Boot Award. Round 20. Votes. Apia v Woll Mac: 3 Blagojevic (al), 2 Kay (wm), 1 Hughes (al). Heidelberg v Marconi: 3 Goutzioulis (h), 2 Catlin (m), 1 Brattan (h). Preston Mak v Adelaide: 2 Parton (pm), 2 Ivanovic (ac), 1 A.Vidmar (ac), 1 Spink (pm). Sunshine v South Melb: 3 Micheil (sm), 2 Palatsides (sm), 1 Keogh (sgc). St Geo v Melb Cro: 2 Harper (stg), 1 Milosevic (mc), 1 Biskic (mc), 1 Davidson (mc), 1 Marth (mc). Syd Cro v Syd Oly: 3 Franken (scr), 1 Kupresak (scr), 1 Stanton (scr), 1 Bernal (so). Woll City v Melita: 2 Callanan (me), 2 Gimenez (me), 2 Kuc (wc).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Leaders: 17 Clarkson, Filan. 16 P.Okon. 15 Petersen. 14 Franken, 13 Blagojevic, Bundalo, Kuc, Petkovic.12 Biskic, Ivanovic, Stubbins. 11 Gimenez, Jackson, Kindtner, Kupresak, Lowe, McCulloch. Phillips, Spink, Tsolakis, 10 Katholos, Nowicki, A.Vidmar. Wade. 9 Catlin, Davidson, Durakovic, Gray, Krslovic, Stewart, T.Vidmar. P.Wilson.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> END OF STORY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 25, 2003</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2">DHS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_103"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=104>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">258 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Toronto Star</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">May</span><span class="c2"> 18, 1991, Saturday, SATURDAY EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> finds sports fans like artsy commercials</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Dianne Allen Special to The Star</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">WEEKEND; Pg. H6</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">717 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> It's enough to make a TV sports fan choke on his beer. There he is innocently watching his basketball or baseball game expecting it to be interrupted by commercials, sure, but jock-style commercials aimed at jock-style guys.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Suddenly he's bombarded by incredible images that flash by his eyes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Images of a sci-fi creature emerging from a pod as humanoid, a cartoon daredevil bouncing inside a giant running shoe, or an animated runner, escaping from his own burning scrapbook image.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Fifteen-second and 30-second mini art films created and directed by some of the world's most talented filmmakers (including Canada's David Cronenburg) and commissioned by </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> to advertise its new 180 air-cushioned running shoe.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Are these commercials art? Or commercial art? Or just commercial? And what are they doing on jock TV?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The campaign was born last year when </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> asked its ad agency, Wieden &amp; Kennedy, to come up with a campaign for the 180 that could run internationally. (The 180 was the first </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> athletic shoe to be introduced everywhere in the world at once.)</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The problem was how to communicate to people who speak different languages and idolize different sports heroes, sports heroes being </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> traditional creative approach.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The creative folk at the agency solved the problem by suggesting </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> commission filmmakers from different parts of the world to express what the 180 meant to them.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The new 50 per cent larger air cushion was to be the main focus, with no spoken words, just music and sound effects.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The resulting commercials were surprising, even to </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span><span class="c2"> Originally scheduled to launch in North America on the Superbowl, the spots were held back.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Another commercial was hurriedly put together, using </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> traditional sports hero approach, and featuring triathalon champ Mark Allen. The jocks were safe from art for a time.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But when the artsy ads got good reaction in Europe, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> president, Phil Knight, decided to try them out at home. And according to </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> they've worked.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Could it be that people who are ready to shell out $ 150 for a running shoe ($ 169.99 in Canada, $ 192 with tax) are also ready for art in their running shoe commercials?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The artistic approach has some opponents, however. It prompted one columnist to criticize </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> print version of this campaign as a self-motivated form of corporate sponsorship of the arts.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But, in fact, the campaign is nothing of the sort. It was motivated by the need to find a practical solution to a problem, that of creating international advertising. And in the process, filmmakers were given the kind of artistic freedom seldom granted to commercial illustrators or directors.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">They were also given exposure to a world-wide audience that would likely never have heard of them otherwise. Not a bad trade.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">If you haven't seen the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> 180 commercials, you still have a chance until June. David Cronenburg's sci-fi thriller, and Dutch animator Evert de Beijer's giant running shoe are still airing on CTV during Blue Jays games.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">*</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mooooove Over, Cancows: That singing cow is back in the news again. It seems the bronze Bessie award-winning crooner for HP Sauce is one more example of an American performer appearing in a Canadian commercial.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Yes, that lounge-cow is from Arizona, born and bred.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">According to writer Bill Martin, creator of the HP commercial, ad agency Bozell Palmer Bonner would have cast a Canadian cow, but the weather in November was too cold for the shoot. They cast this particular cow because she looked like a Canadian cow, and had no ear-notches or curly horns.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">As one of 26,000 cows in the herd, how did she get the part?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Says Martin: "She probably didn't move away as fast as the other cows when they came to take Polaroids."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">She didn't have to know how to sing either. In close-up, the singing cow was actually a puppet, and the voice was Canadian musician Tim Tickner.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">By the way, fans of this commercial can look forward to a follow-up in September, starring a chicken and a pig named Wilbur, pitching four new sauces from HP. They're Americans too.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The duo won't be singing, but you can bet the commercial will be fun and sophisticated.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Meanwhile, rumor has it the cow has signed up an agent and will be appearing in Vegas next month.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Photo: HP sauce's barnyard commercial</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_104"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=105>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">259 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Toronto Star</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">May</span><span class="c2"> 18, 1991, Saturday, SATURDAY SECOND EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> finds sports fans like artsy commercials</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Dianne Allen Special to The Star</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">WEEKEND; Pg. H6</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">718 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;</span><span class="c2">It's enough to make a TV sports fan choke on his beer. There he is innocently watching his basketball or baseball game expecting it to be interrupted by commercials, sure, but jock-style commercials aimed at jock-style guys.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Suddenly he's bombarded by incredible images that flash by his eyes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Images of a sci-fi creature emerging from a pod as humanoid, a cartoon daredevil bouncing inside a giant running shoe, or an animated runner, escaping from his own burning scrapbook image.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Fifteen-second and 30-second mini art films created and directed by some of the world's most talented filmmakers (including Canada's David Cronenburg) and commissioned by </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> to advertise its new 180 air-cushioned running shoe.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Are these commercials art? Or commercial art? Or just commercial? And what are they doing on jock TV?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The campaign was born last year when </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> asked its ad agency, Wieden &amp; Kennedy, to come up with a campaign for the 180 that could run internationally. (The 180 was the first </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> athletic shoe to be introduced everywhere in the world at once.)</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The problem was how to communicate to people who speak different languages and idolize different sports heroes, sports heroes being </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> traditional creative approach.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The creative folk at the agency solved the problem by suggesting </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> commission filmmakers from different parts of the world to express what the 180 meant to them.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The new 50 per cent larger air cushion was to be the main focus, with no spoken words, just music and sound effects.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The resulting commercials were surprising, even to </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span><span class="c2"> Originally scheduled to launch in North America on the Superbowl, the spots were held back.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Another commercial was hurriedly put together, using </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> traditional sports hero approach, and featuring triathalon champ Mark Allen. The jocks were safe from art for a time.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But when the artsy ads got good reaction in Europe, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> president, Phil Knight, decided to try them out at home. And according to </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> they've worked.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Could it be that people who are ready to shell out $150 for a running shoe ($169.99 in Canada, $192 with tax) are also ready for art in their running shoe commercials?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The artistic approach has some opponents, however. It prompted one columnist to criticize </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> print version of this campaign as a self-motivated form of corporate sponsorship of the arts.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But, in fact, the campaign is nothing of the sort. It was motivated by the need to find a practical solution to a problem, that of creating international advertising. And in the process, filmmakers were given the kind of artistic freedom seldom granted to commercial illustrators or directors.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">They were also given exposure to a world-wide audience that would likely never have heard of them otherwise. Not a bad trade.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">If you haven't seen the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> 180 commercials, you still have a chance until June. David Cronenburg's sci-fi thriller, and Dutch animator Evert de Beijer's giant running shoe are still airing on CTV during Blue Jays games.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">*</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mooooove Over, Cancows: That singing cow is back in the news again. It seems the bronze Bessie award-winning crooner for HP Sauce is one more example of an American performer appearing in a Canadian commercial.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Yes, that lounge-cow is from Arizona, born and bred.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">According to writer Bill Martin, creator of the HP commercial, ad agency Bozell Palmer Bonner would have cast a Canadian cow, but the weather in November was too cold for the shoot. They cast this particular cow because she looked like a Canadian cow, and had no ear-notches or curly horns.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">As one of 26,000 cows in the herd, how did she get the part?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Says Martin: "She probably didn't move away as fast as the other cows when they came to take Polaroids."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">She didn't have to know how to sing either. In close-up, the singing cow was actually a puppet, and the voice was Canadian musician Tim Tickner.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">By the way, fans of this commercial can look forward to a follow-up in September, starring a chicken and a pig named Wilbur, pitching four new sauces from HP. They're Americans too.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The duo won't be singing, but you can bet the commercial will be fun and sophisticated.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Meanwhile, rumor has it the cow has signed up an agent and will be appearing in Vegas next month.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">May 13, 1999</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Photo: HP sauce's barnyard commercialAds; &amp;; Ends:; Advertising; television</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_105"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=106>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">262 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 19, 1991, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Weaker earnings trip </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> shares</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">James Kim; Rhonda Richards</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">MONEY; Pg. 3B</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">385 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Shares of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. ran into trouble Monday, when the Beaverton, Ore.- based athletic-shoe maker reported weaker-than-expected earnings. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> stock sank 2 1/2 to $ 47 1/2</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The nation's largest maker of athletic shoes reported earnings of 93 cents per share for the quarter ending Feb. 28 - a 12% jump from 83 cents. Analysts had been expecting the company to earn about 97 cents. ''The results were a little disappointing,'' says Gary Jacobson, analyst at Kidder Peabody &amp; Co. ''It appears that </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is losing momentum.''</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The company cited higher expenses related to the introduction of new products such as the Air 180 running shoe. Expenses rose to 22.7% of revenue from 19.9%. Revenue in the period rose 39% to $ 802 million. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> said it plans to continue its ''aggressive'' marketing campaigns.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> inventories rose 121% in the period, suggesting sales are slowing dramatically, notes Mike Shea, analyst at Black &amp; Co. Overall orders rose 12%, led by apparel (up 17%) and overseas footwear (up 43%). But domestic shoe orders, which account for more than 60% of sales, were flat. ''That's a red flag,'' Shea says, adding that he recommends selling the stock if you own it.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Meanwhile, the nation's No. 3 athletic-shoe maker, L.A. Gear, had better news. It restructured loan agreements with major lenders. L.A. Gear shares rose 1 to $ 13 1/2. Last month, the Los Angeles-based athletic-shoe maker reported a fourth-quarter loss of 35 cents a share, vs. net income of 58 cents the year before.<br/>&#160;<br/> Thumbs down: Warner-Lambert Inc. shares dipped 1 7/8 to $ 72 1/2 after its Alzheimer's drug, Cognex, failed to win approval from a Food and Drug Administration advisory committee. The FDA said the drug was no more effective than a sugar pill. Alex. Brown &amp; Co. lowered its rating to a sell from neutral. Shearson Lehman Bros. lowered its rating to underperform from outperform.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''The drug was highly touted and an important and major factor in many people's thinking about the fundamental outlook for Warner-Lambert,'' says Alex. Brown analyst Richard Stover. Analysts project that Cognex, if approved, would eventually generate more than $ 500 million in yearly revenue.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Company officials and some analysts insist the drug will get FDA approval by 1993.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> - James Kim and Rhonda Richards</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Street Talk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_106"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=107>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">265 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">May</span><span class="c2"> 23, 1991, Thursday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Operation PUSH hails Thompson appointment</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Sal Ruibal</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 2C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">226 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc.'s newest director already has a job assignment.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Monday, Georgetown University basketball coach John Thompson was named to </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> board of directors. Tuesday, he joined the personnel committee, which oversees actions involving </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> employees.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">Directors are required to serve on a committee.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Last year, Operation PUSH, a Chicago-based civil rights group, alleged that the athletic shoe and apparel company denied blacks adequate employment and business opportunities and called for a boycott of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> products.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Rev. Willie Barrow, vice chairman of PUSH's board of directors, says Thompson's appointment is a victory.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''Since we sat down with them, they're now doing many of the things we had on the drawing board,'' he says. ''We've awakened their responsibility to the black community. I congratulate them.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Not so fast, says </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> spokeswoman Liz Dolan.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''The boycott has not affected us at all by objective measures,'' she says. ''Sales are up dramatically and we have the same level of support from suppliers and retailers.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''(The boycott) has sensitized us to some issues, so now we are much more open about making announcements about what we are doing instead of just quietly doing them.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> directors are paid a fee of $ 10,000 a year and $ 2,000 for every board meeting they attend. Board meetings are held bimonthly.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Sportstalk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_107"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=108>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">268 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">May</span><span class="c2"> 11, 1992, Monday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">McColgan sets world best in </span><span class="c8">Nike</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Dick Patrick</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 2C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">279 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">WASHINGTON</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Liz McColgan, who has had more colds than impressive races recently, got well Sunday at the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Women's Race. The great Scot broke the world best for 8 kilometers (4.97 miles) by 14 seconds.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">Her time of 24 minutes, 48 seconds was worth a $ 25,000 bonus from Clairol, plus the $ 5,000 first prize.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Lynn Jennings, who set a world-best 25: 02 here last year, was second (25: 08) and Judi St. Hilaire third (25: 09).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''When I'm on song, it's going to take a very, very special person to beat me,'' said McColgan, who last year won the World Championships 10,000 meters and the New York City Marathon. ''I'm very confident of my ability.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But McColgan, 28, who has an 18-month-old daughter, was apprehensive on Mother's Day. She was 41st in her last U.S. race, the World Cross Country Championships in March, which Jennings won for the third consecutive time.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">McColgan blamed overtraining, which led to a cold and two subsequent illnesses. ''I had something to prove to myself and everyone else,'' she said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">After passing 2 miles in 9: 47 Sunday, she began pulling away from Jennings and eased up at the finish. ''I reckon I could have run 24: 32 if I had run through,'' she said. ''I really wanted a good race to say, 'Hey, I'm back to my old self.' ''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">McColgan, who owns a home in Gainesville, Fla., is the favorite for the 10,000 meters at the Olympics. She will run the Cleveland Revco 10K next Sunday and the Advil Mini-Marathon May 30 in New York.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''She's incredible,'' Jennings said. ''She's the best in the world</span></p>
</div>
<table class="c12">
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">at&#160;keeping&#160;up&#160;a&#160;five-minute&#160;(a&#160;mile)&#160;pace.&#160;&#160;&#160;It&#160;was&#160;a&#160;terrific</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14">&#160;</td></tr>
</table>
<div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">experience. It's exactly what Barcelona will be like.''</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">EAR PHOTO; color, Porter Binks, USA TODAY; PHOTO; b/w, Porter Binks, USA TODAY<br/>&#160;<br/>CUTLINE: LIZ MCCOLGAN: Offers Barcelona preview. CUTLINE: LOOK OF A CHAMPION: Liz McColgan's world record in </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> race was worth a $ 25,000 bonus.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Sportstalk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_108"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=109>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">271 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">St. Petersburg Times (Florida)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">May</span><span class="c2"> 21, 1991, Tuesday, City Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">New PBS show will promote reading</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SOURCE: </span><span class="c2">New York Times; Associated Press</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">FLORIDIAN; Pg. 7D</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">535 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Children's Television Workshop, the educational production company responsible for bringing Sesame Street to public television, has announced that it would begin work on an ambitious new series intended to improve children's reading and writing skills.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The series, called The Ghostwriter, is scheduled to begin on PBS stations in the fall of 1992. The target audience will be children 7 to 10 years old.</span><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>&#160;<br/></span><span class="c2">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Children's Television Workshop announced the beginning of production after receiving a commitment for a $ 5-million grant from </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., the maker of athletic shoes. Nana Griller, the assistant director of information at Children's Television Workshop, said the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> grant was the largest single corporate donation ever made to a children's television show.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The show's overall budget will be $ 20-million for 48 episodes, with about $ 8.8-million coming from PBS and Children's Television Workshop, and the rest from other foundation and government sources.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Richard K. Donahue, president of </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> said the company would also help promote the project. He said that could mean guest appearances by some of the athletes, including Michael Jordan, Bo Jackson and David Robinson, who have endorsed </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> products.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> decided to be the sole corporate backer of the series as part of a larger program aimed at advocating education for inner-city children, Donahue said.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;He said the company's commitment in this area had been longstanding and was not related to recent criticism for urging children to buy expensive athletic shoes, a charge he called a "canard."<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The executive producer of The Ghostwriter is Elizabeth Nealon, formerly vice president of MTV International.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The show's stylistic approach will incorporate visual and musical techniques borrowed from MTV, Ms. Griller said.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The format will use graphics to make reading the print on screen more entertaining.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The stories will center on six children, three girls and three boys, and their interaction with an unseen ghost who can communicate with them only through writing.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Children's Television Workshop will also publish an accompanying magazine and teachers' materials, as well as computer games using the series' characters.<br/> "China Beach' returning in June for seven weeks<br/> Associated Press<br/><br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;LOS ANGELES The Vietnam War series China Beach will return to temporary active duty next month, network officials announced last week.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The Emmy-winning series was suspended in December, but ABC had promised to air the seven remaining episodes made for the 1990-91 season.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The episodes will air for seven weeks, beginning June 4, in the coveted prime time slot of thirtysomething.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The network move follows a lobbying campaign by executive producer John Sacret Young, who urged thousands of supporters to write protest letters to ABC executives.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The series has been placed on hiatus twice and pushed to new time slots three times during a four-year run on ABC.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The future of China Beach is not yet known. ABC will announce its fall schedule this week.<br/>&#160;<br/></span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 12, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, (3); PAULA ABDUL; MORRIS DEES; NELL CARTER</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Times Publishing Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_109"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=110>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">274 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">August</span><span class="c2"> 26, 1991, Monday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> consultant joins sports marketing firm</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 2C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">220 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Sonny Vaccaro has left </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., where he worked as a roving basketball consultant, to become chairman of DIC Sports Marketing, a division of DIC Enterprises. The Burbank, Calif.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">-based company specializes in producing animated TV shows, such as The Real Ghostbusters and Super Mario 3.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">During Vaccaro's association with </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> he helped sign college coaches John Thompson (Georgetown), Jerry Tarkanian (Nevada-Las Vegas), Bobby Cremins (Georgia Tech) and Jim Valvano (N.C. State) to lucrative shoe contracts. Vaccaro produced the Dapper Dan High School All-Star basketball games and helped run </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> summer basketball/tutoring camps.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">There have been allegations of conflict of interest and suggestions that the coaches' association with Vaccaro helped them enroll the best young basketball talent.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Vaccaro told USA TODAY that his new job should put to rest such allegations.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Vaccaro will work on sports- and TV-related projects for DIC, the first of which is the Sept. 17 NBC broadcast of the Comic Relief celebrity special presented in Chicago by Michael Jordan last month. Proceeds from the show are earmarked for charities to aid children and the homeless.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">DIC also has been preparing a Saturday morning cartoon featuring<br/>Jordan, Wayne Gretzky and Bo Jackson that is expected to premiere this fall.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Sportstalk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_110"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=111>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">275 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">WALL STREET JOURNAL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">February</span><span class="c2"> 6, 1991, Wednesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">NEW REEBOK ADS ENRAGE RIVAL BY TAUNTING </span><span class="c8">NIKE'S</span><span class="c7"> STAR ENDORSERS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">BY JOANNE LIPMAN</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section B; Page 6, Column 1</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">55 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><br/><p class="c6"><span class="c2">Athlete Bo Jackson and his fellow </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> endorser, Chicago Bulls basketball player Michael Jordan, are taunted by name in new series of TV commercials for rival Reebok's Pump sneaker; but no one asked their permission or paid them for privilege; CBS has so far resisted running commercials, and </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is threatening legal action (M)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2"> WSJ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company: Abstracts</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_111"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=112>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">280 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">August</span><span class="c2"> 20, 1992, Thursday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">SPORTS PEOPLE: TRACK AND FIELD;<br/></span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> Ends Deal with Krabbe</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">AP</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section B; Page 14; Column 1; Sports Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">134 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> broke off its sponsorship deal with KATRIN KRABBE, the world sprint champion from Germany who is expected to receive a four-year ban after failing a drug test.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The sportswear company also abandoned a similar deal with GRIT BREUER, Krabbe's teammate, who also tested positive for a banned substance.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Krabbe, the 100- and 200-meter world champion, and Breuer, the 400-meter European champion and world silver medalist, tested positive for Clenbuterol, a muscle-building substance.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Krabbe, in an interview published yesterday by the German magazine, Super Illu, said the athletes did not know that Clenbuterol was on the list of banned drugs.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">THOMAS SPRINGSTEIN, coach of the two athletes, has admitted giving the drug to the two sprinters. His contract with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has also been canceled.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">August 20, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_112"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=113>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">283 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 22, 1992, Wednesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">BUSINESS REPORT: ON MINORITIES Deion's apparel benched for now</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Shelia M. Poolebusiness; minorities; personalities; advertising; children; appointments</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS; Section D; Page 2</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">515 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Deion Sanders's "Prime Time" line of clothes is being sidelined - for now.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Public relations agent Jerry Davis said Mr. Sanders's multiyear contract with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> means that the fleet-footed star has to wear </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> apparel and shoes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We have to wait and see what </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> decides to do," says Mr. Davis.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Could it be that </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> wants to introduce a Deion-inspired line of athletic wear of its own?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mr. Davis won't say, but industry watchers say that they wouldn't be surprised if a Prime Time shoe or warm-up suit is in the works.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Until then, however, people who have Prime Time clothes may consider themselves lucky because no more orders are being taken, said Mr. Davis.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"So whoever has it may have a collector's item," he said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Even without promoting Prime Time, Mr. Sanders is pretty busy.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">His other irons in the fire include:</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A recently aired national commercial for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Possibly franchising the hair salon business he owns with Falcons teammate Jamie Dukes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A potential deal with NFL Properties for trading cards.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Falcons offering him an extra $ 1 million to report to training camp early.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">And the Braves attempting to sign him for the rest of the season.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">L.A. link</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It began as computer talk - messages flashed back and forth across an electronic bulletin board during the Los Angeles riots.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Some who participated were content to assign blame for the violence. But Beverly Thomas, a resident of the Crenshaw neighborhood, wasn't. She wanted to dispel some of the stereotypes and help rebuild the affected areas.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We're going to make change," she typed. "Either come in with us or get out of the way."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Ms. Thomas was surprised by the offers of aid she received.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Today, the 40-year-old computer consultant is helping develop a computerized bulletin board that matches people in the riot-torn area who need help with those willing to give it.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Via her keyboard, Ms. Thomas, whose handle is Kaiju, has lined up about 30 accountants, bankers and entrepreneurs. They've helped about 20 merchants fill out loan applications.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Her work doesn't end there.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Ms. Thomas, who has a master's degree in business from California State University, is also considering formation of an investment pool to capitalize business start-ups.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I want to see our community stand on its own economically," she said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Black Chamber</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Thinking of starting a new business? A group of Atlanta professionals and entrepreneurs wants to help.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Plans are under way for the Sweet Auburn Black Chamber of Commerce, which would help develop and market black businesses, said Lea O'Neal, a member of the chamber planning committee. She is also president of Black Atlanta Transplants.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">One planned chamber component is a six-week program for child entrepreneurs.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The chamber will accept members in the fall.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">People . . .</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Larry K. Barnhill has been named director of operations for the Gwinnett Civic and Cultural Center, scheduled to open in November. Previously, Mr. Barnhill was director of operations for Pyramid Arena in Memphis, Tenn.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Compiled from staff, news service and published reports.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">July 24, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH922060114</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">photo: mug of Larry K. Barnhill</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_113"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=114>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">284 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">April</span><span class="c2"> 29, 1992, Wednesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">BASEBALL: THE BRAVES </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> knows Deion: Shoe deal in works</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By I.J. Rosenberg STAFF WRITERsports; baseball; football; personalities; fashion</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Section E; Page 6</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">264 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Is Deion Sanders the next Bo Jackson?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> may think so. With Jackson, the baseball/football star the shoe company currently has under contract, facing an uncertain future because of hip-replacement surgery, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is trying to negotiate a multiyear deal with Sanders, the Braves outfielder and Falcons cornerback.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Both Sanders and his agent, Eugene Parker, acknowledge a deal may be close, but neither will discuss specifics.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Dusty Kidd, the public relations director for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., would comment only in general. "It would be dangerous to compare Bo Jackson to any other athlete," he said. "It's sort of like Michael Jordan and Scottie Pippen. One is vastly more recognized than the other. Every athlete has their own identity.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Deion's market has never been tested," he said. "For a while last year I don't think people really thought of him as a two-sport player because he had spent most of his time in the minors in baseball. But the way he has started has changed people's mind s,and people have this romance with players who participate in two sports."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sanders, asked the range of money a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> deal might reach, said, "It's more than my football contract." Sanders is coming up on the last year of his four-year deal with the Falcons, which will pay him $ 750,000.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sanders does not have any major endorsements, but Parker said equipment maker Mizuno, among others, has talked to his client.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Parker also said </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> approached Sanders before the baseball season started, and Sanders's fast start would appear to give him some negotiating leverage with the shoe giant.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">May 2, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Photo: Deion Sanders Asked how much a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> deal might pay, he replied, "More than my football contract."</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_114"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=115>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">287 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 10, 1991, Sunday, Final Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">The Evolution of a Shoe</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">Bill Brubaker</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">FIRST SECTION; PAGE A19</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">334 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">During the NBA All-Star Game telecast last month, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> introduced the seventh edition of its best-selling Air Jordan basketball shoe. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> executives described the evolution of the 1991 Air Jordan during recent interviews at their nine-building, 570,000-square-foot headquarters in Beaverton, Ore.:</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">" FEBRUARY 1989: </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> designer Tinker Hatfield flew to Chicago for a meeting with Chicago Bulls guard Michael Jordan. They agreed that the '91 shoe would be lighter with a snugger fit.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">" FEBRUARY 1990: Jordan examined drawings of the shoe with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> executives in Santa Monica, Calif. The shoe was too heavy; Jordan suggested removing some leather from its tip.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">" MARCH 1990: A rough prototype Air Jordan was shipped with technical specifications to the Fong Chuan Rubber Enterprise factory in Taiwan. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> sneakers are manufactured in the Far East because U.S. labor costs are "no longer competitive," company chairman Phil Knight said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">" AUGUST 1990: Production began with materials imported from Germany, Australia, Japan, Argentina and the United States. As many as 150 assembly-line workers were involved in stitching the shoe's perforated leather upper. Each pair took about two days to make.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">" NOVEMBER 1990: About 170,000 pairs of sneakers were ready to be shipped. Cost to manufacture, box, crate and deliver one pair of Air Jordans to a port in Taiwan: $ 29.65.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">" JANUARY 1991: The shoes arrived in </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> distribution centers in Memphis, Portland, Ore. and Greenland, N.H.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">" FEB. 4, 1991: Retail stores received their first shipments. Dealers' cost for each pair: $ 68.75.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">" FEB. 10, 1991: </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> introduced its lightest-ever Air Jordan -- a size nine weighs 15 1/2 ounces. A 30-second commercial featured singer Little Richard in the role of a "genie in the lamp" who granted Mars Blackmon (the Spike Lee character) one wish. Did Blackmon want $ 1 million? No. A new car? No. He only wanted a pair of . . . what else?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> suggested retail price for the Air Jordan: $ 125.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SERIES: </span><span class="c2">THE SNEAKER PHENOMENON, Part 1 of 2</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">SERIES</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_115"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=116>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">290 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Toronto Star</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">January</span><span class="c2"> 30, 1992, Thursday, AM</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Jordan tells NBA it can't sell clothes bearing his image</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">(AP)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. C8</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">278 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">PORTLAND, Ore.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;</span><span class="c2">PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) - Basketball superstar Michael Jordan, in an unprecedented move, has cost the NBA millions of dollars by forbidding it from selling apparel bearing his image, giving </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. those rights exclusively.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jordan, 28, who led the Chicago Bulls to their first NBA championship last year, is among the most charismatic - and profitable - personalities in the league.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">While the NBA no longer may sell Michael Jordan T-shirts, you'll find all the Jordan wear you want at </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> which already rakes in about $200 million a year on Jordan's image.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The company's Air Jordan basketball shoes, named for Jordan's gravity-defying on-court performance, are among its best sellers.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jordan has been on the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> payroll since 1984. He will earn $21.2 million this year for hawking products ranging from </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoes to Wheaties cereal to Gatorade sports drink, according to published reports.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Industry sources said </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> the world's largest marketer of athletic shoes and clothing, persuaded Jordan to end his apparel licensing involvement with the NBA.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"</span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> with Jordan under its wing, is strong-arming the NBA," Jeff Atkinson, editor of Sports Trend magazine in Atlanta, said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> spokesman Dusty Kidd denied the company had any part in the decision. "It's strictly between Michael and the league," Kidd said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Seth Sylvan, who manages licensing for the NBA, said the league made $1.1 billion last year from the sale of licensed products. But he downplayed the effect of Jordan's decision.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We're still in the business of licensing our logos and players," he said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Souvenirs other than apparel are not affected.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">May 12, 1999</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">PHOTO: MICHAEL JORDANbasketball; advertising</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_116"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=117>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">292 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">September</span><span class="c2"> 9, 1992, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Godzilla meets Barkley on MTV</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Martha T. Moore</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">MONEY; Pg. 1B</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">187 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> At least he gets top billing. Godzilla, the Tokyo titan, takes on Charles Barkley, the bull of Barcelona, on tonight's MTV Music Awards.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">But since the battle is an ad for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and the monster is bare-clawed, guess who wins.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''Have you ever thought about wearing shoes?'' Barkley asks after sending the prehistoric predator crashing through skyscrapers.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Though Barkley bests the beast, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> sees the pair as evenly matched in personality. They're both ''sort of a bad guy but also sort of a sympathetic hero,'' says spokesman Dusty Kidd. While Godzilla lurches around the city, ''Charles has some cartoonlike characteristics, being very outspoken and playing in an exaggerated way.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Agency Wieden &amp; Kennedy made the ad to run in Japan, but </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> liked it enough to import it. Teaser ads have been running since baseball's All-Star Game in July.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Barkley (6-foot-5, 252 pounds) was animated in an earlier </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> ad, and Godzilla (328 feet, 60,000 tons) has pitched Dr Pepper and Konica, says his agent, Hank Saperstein of UPA Productions. His 19th film, Godzilla vs. Mothra, will open in the USA next spring.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">PHOTO, color<br/>&#160;<br/>CUTLINE: MONSTER MATCH: Guess who wins the 30-second battle?</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_117"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=118>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">293 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">January</span><span class="c2"> 1, 1991, Tuesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">BUSINESS REPORT: ON ADVERTISING; Mr. Robinson makes amends</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Jeffry Scott Staff writeradvertising; business; personalities; finances</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS; SECTION F; PAGE 02</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">778 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Ever since </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> miffed some parents this fall with its commercial of&#160;"Mr. Rogers' Neighborhood" - which featured NBA star David Robinson&#160;saying "Can you say kick some butt'?" - the nation's No. 1 athletic shoe&#160;company has been making amends. It has been casting Mr. Robinson in less&#160;ambiguous, heroic roles.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A month ago, he appeared in a commercial playing piano with a 78-&#160;year-old concert pianist. Now Mr. Robinson is being plastered all over&#160;America (except Atlanta) on 1,200 public service billboards in 20&#160;markets. He's urging kids to stay in school.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The billboard shows Mr. Robinson hoisting a stack of books. A&#160;basketball sits on top of them. Beside the photo is a huge headline that&#160;reads: "Don't Be Stoopid. Stay In School. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The ads are the lastest in the series of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> "Stay In School"&#160;promotions that the company says are intended to "reach the youth of&#160;America in a positive way about achievement and excellence as it relates&#160;to both education and athletics." Another ad, featuring another NBA star,&#160;Michael Jordan, and actor/director Spike Lee aired over the weekend.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, and other expensive athletic shoe makers, such as Reebok, have&#160;stepped up their public service activities in the last year as they've&#160;come under pressure by minority and public interest groups concerned&#160;about the popularity of the shoes among inner-city youths and resulting&#160;crimes.; Hold the ads</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The 1960's are considered the Golden Age of Advertising. That's when&#160;Americans delighted in watching commercials such as Alka-Seltzer's hall-&#160;of-fame "No matter what shape your stomach's in" ads, which featured&#160;bouncy music and shots of every shape of human stomach imaginable - from&#160;a belly dancer, to a fat guy working a jackhammer, to a woman arguing&#160;with a chubby man on the street while poking him in the stomach with a&#160;pointed finger.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In those golden days, less than half of America (43 percent) wanted&#160;television without commercials, according to a Columbia University study.&#160;Thirty years later, the university reports, almost two-thirds of America&#160;(67 percent) wants its TV, hold the ads.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"The novelty value of commercials a quarter-century ago kept this&#160;percentage (of people who want commercial-free TV) down," reports Video&#160;Storyboard Tests Commercial Break newsletter. "But the novelty has all&#160;since evaporated and viewer complaints about commercial clutter have&#160;progressively grown. Older age groups, in particular, have a higher&#160;preference for television without commercials."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Even more disturbing to advertisers, reports the newsletter, more&#160;than half of America (54 percent) is willing to pay "a small amount&#160;yearly" for TV without commercials, whereas in 1960 less than one in four&#160;(24 percent) said they'd pay for commercial-free TV.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The goods news for advertisers: The percentage of people who say&#160;they frequently welcome a commercial break (36 percent) has not changed&#160;in 30 years; and, while more people want fewer, or no commercials, today&#160;more viewers (57 percent, up from 43 percent) believe "some commercials&#160;are so good that they are more entertaining than the programs."; Back again</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">True to the title of his book, "Against Gravity," adman Ed McCabe&#160;has quit Miami advertisng agency Beber Silverstein &amp; Partners, and&#160;returned to New York, after only eight months on a quest to build the&#160;Miami agency into a powerhouse like his first shop, New York agency,&#160;Scali, McCabe, Sloves. Mr. McCabe - variously described during his 30-&#160;year career as brilliant, cryptic and abusive - said he'd been toying&#160;with the idea of leaving Beber for a few months.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I found myself facing the opportunity to do things my own way, and&#160;I had to take it," he told Adweek magazine.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The magazine reports most of Miami's advertising community won't&#160;miss him, because it wasn't terribly bowled over by McCabe in the first&#160;place. Though he's the youngest copywriter ever to be installed in the&#160;Advertising Hall of Fame (at age 35), he wasn't the rain maker he was&#160;expected to be. "The copywriter produced only a few scattered showers,"&#160;the magazine reports.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mr. McCabe, who could not be reached for comment, is opening his own&#160;New York shop, McCabe &amp; Co., and reportedly is pursuing the $ 40-million&#160;Volvo account which his first agency, Scali, McCabe, Sloves, was forced&#160;to resign last month over a faked commercial scandal that rocked the&#160;industry.; Quickly</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jim Osterman has been named the new editor of Adweek magazine's&#160;Southeastern edition, replacing Martha Nolan, who left to pursue&#160;freelance writing. Mr. Osterman joined the magazine in 1984 as a reporter&#160;and rose to managing editor in 1988.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">February 10, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">photo: mug of David Robinson</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_118"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=119>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">297 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 31, 1992, Friday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">BARCELONA OLYMPICS Olympic sidelines News and notes from around the Games </span><span class="c8">Nike:</span><span class="c7"> Wearing Reebok OK</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Section E; Page 4</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">318 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Liz Dolan, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> vice president of corporate communications, says five minutes on the medal stand won't make anyone think Michael Jordan or any other </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> clients represent Reebok.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"You'd have to have been living in a cave to think that," said Ms. Dolan. "In Michael's case, he'd wear [the official uniform] for five minutes; he'll wear our shoes his entire career. There's no risk that anyone will think he's affiliated with anyone but </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">."</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">That's why, Ms. Dolan said, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is encouraging all of its Olympic medal-winners to wear the official medal-ceremony uniform, which is a Reebok product. Reebok's contract is believed to be worth about $ 4 million.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jordan has said "there is no way in the world I am wearing a suit that's made by Reebok," but he also has hedged slightly, saying he'll decide "when the time comes." USA press chief Mike Moran has said that any medal winner who does not comply will not be permitted on the awards stand, and that no athlete ever has refused to wear the official uniform. In the previous two Olympics, Levi Strauss held the contract.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Dream Team's </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> clients also include David Robinson, Charles Barkley, Scottie Pippen, Chris Mullin, John Stockton and assistant coach P.J. Carlesimo.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Albania's swim 'team' Frank Lescas was thrilled about his far-fetched journey from Pennsylvania to Albania as that country's entire Olympic swimming team. Until he saw the practice pool. There was no water in it. "People sometimes don't have running water in the house," he said. "How can I expect them to put gallons and gallons of water in a 50-meter pool?" Lescas, a sprinter from suburban Philadelphia who never had been in Albania, will be a 21-year- old senior at La Salle in September. He wasn't good enough to make the U.S. team. Lescas continued his swim training at home, then arrived in Albania on July 10 in preparation for his trip to Barcelona.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">August 6, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH922190248</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_119"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=120>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">299 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">COURIER-MAIL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">June</span><span class="c2"> 1, 1991 Saturday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">SNEAKERS CAUGHT IN THE RIPPLES</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SOURCE: </span><span class="c2">QNP</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">AAPINTNEWS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">154 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sneakers caught in the ripples NEW YORK: Beachcombers along Oregon's north coast are finding new treasures from the sea _ hundreds of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> sport shoes washing ashore a year after a cargo ship mishap. Since April 2, Burke and Lisa Pond have found more than 140 </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoes on beaches between the mouth of the Columbia River and Gearhart.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">Steve McLoed, who until recently had never owned a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoe, now boasts about 70. Shirley Tarnasky has found 50 </span><span class="c4">Nikes</span><span class="c2"> near her oceanfront home in Rockaway Beach. But the shoes are not coming ashore in pairs, prompting Tarnasky to form the Sneaker Society to promote sneaker swaps at which people can trade to create matching pairs. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> transportation manager Rich Hastings said yesterday that the shoes were from five boxcar-size containers that fell from a Seattle-bound cargo ship in the Pacific Ocean in May last year. About 40,000 pairs of </span><span class="c4">Nikes</span><span class="c2"> were lost. Associated Press</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 25, 2003</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2">CML</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_120"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=121>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">301 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Business Times (Singapore)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Made in the USA lobby running after </span><span class="c8">Nike</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">November</span><span class="c2"> 5, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Foundation launching nasty ad drive to shame major companies into bringing manufacturing back to US</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> THE Made in the USA foundation is launching a nasty ad campaign against major US companies that manufacture products overseas -and </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is the first target.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The foundation has scrapped its original plan for more than US$ 50 million (S$ 81 million) "Buy American" campaign and instead will try to shame major marketers, such as </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, into bringing some of their manufacturing back home.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">According to the trade magazine Advertising Age, the non-profit lobbying group has US$ 1 million set aside for the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> effort and plans to break the ads in 20 major market daily newspapers soon, as well as in union publications.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Several papers have been approached, but the media buy has not been made.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Made in USA had been encountering "some resistance" from newspapers in running the ad, said chairman Joel D Joseph. However, he declined to name the newspapers.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We presume they are refusing because </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is a big advertiser," he said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The ads urge consumers to send their "old dirty, smelly, worn-out </span><span class="c4">Nikes</span><span class="c2">" to chairman Philip Knight to "send </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> a message" to "come back home to the United States and start making shoes here once again".</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Oregon-based </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> both sources and manufactures components of its shoes in the US but final assembly is generally done in the Far East.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The ad, which was created in-house, urges consumers to tell Mr Knight they will not buy another pair of </span><span class="c4">Nikes</span><span class="c2"> until the company commits itself to building a US manufacturing plant.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The anti-</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> ad follows an Oct 1 letter to Mr Knight from Mr Joseph, who asked </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> to manufacture its top-of-the-line shoes in the US, since Mr Joseph contends they can be made here profitably. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> said it had no apologies for its manufacturing practices.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We are the No. 1 company in the business so we're willing to take the shot," said Dusty Kidd, public relations manager at </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">. "We would hope that those who criticise us would be better informed."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mr Kidd said 1,200 of </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> US workforce of 6,500 people were involved in manufacturing.  "We have more manufacturing workers in the US than any other athletic footwear company," he said. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> said it did not directly employ any workers in the Far East but employed contractors there that undertook the manufacturing.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Any factory we use is required to meet their government's standards for minimum wage," Mr Kidd said. He added that it was unlikely that </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> would start any counter-advertising.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Explaining why Made in the USA was going for this "take your gloves off" approach instead of a general "Buy American" effort, Mr Joseph said: "I think we can get more results and more (news) coverage.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We're going for impact."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He refused to name other marketers which the group plans to target. "We are promoting buy American, but we also are taking our gloves off and going after companies that we think are responsible for the trade deficit," he said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In a news release, Made in the USA also noted that in the 1980s, more than 65,000 US footwear workers lost their jobs when </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and other shoe manufacturers moved manufacturing to Indonesia where the workers are paid 14 US cents an hour.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It cited a press report which said it costs </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> US$ 5.95 to make a pair of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Crosstrainers in Indonesia while these shoes retail from US$ 44.95 to US$ 124.99 in the US.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We go where we can make the best product at the best price. If we made Air Jordans in the US they would (sell for) US$ 300," </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> Mr Kidd said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Advertising &amp; Marketing 1; Pg. 17</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">1080 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 6, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Times Business Publications</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_121"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=122>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">303 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Jet</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">November</span><span class="c2"> 2, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Chicago Schools Troubled, Jordan And </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> To Rescue</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">NATIONAL REPORT; Pg. 10</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">224 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Basketball magnate Michael Jordan and </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. recently, stepped to the rescue of Chicago Public Schools with checks totaling $ 200,000.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Emblazoned on the sides of giant tennis shoes, the checks were presented to Chicago Public Schools Superintendent Ted D. Kimbrough at a press conference given by Jordan and </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Chicago school officials had announced in August that the budget wouldn't allow for the extracurricular activities, and entire programs, including athletics, would be wiped out.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The basketball hero and </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> President Richard Donahue revealed at the press conference that each would contributes $ 100,000, helping to save not only athletics, but other activities, including the chess and debate teams.  "We feel very dedicated to the school system here in Chicago, and to the kids so that they have something to hold on to, and hopefully, some motivation in their lives," Jordan said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Other contributors also came to the rescue when Kimbrough sent out a call to corporations and athletes.  "We have collected, including the two $ 100,000 shoes, $ 915,000," Kimbrough announced at the press conference.  "We still have a goal of $ 1.2 million."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jordan indicated that his benevolence isn't shortsighted.  "If next year is not what it's supposed to be, we're going to be there to try to support it," Jordan said.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Picture, Jordan greets fan 4-year-old Jawaan Walker after announcing his and </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> contribution to Chicago Public Schools, as Superintendent Ted D. Kimbrough holds shoes bearing the $ 100,000 checks.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Johnson Publishing Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_122"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=123>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">305 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">April</span><span class="c2"> 3, 1992, Friday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Adidas shoe-to-shoe with </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> at NCAA</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Gary Strauss</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">MONEY; Pg. 1B</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">179 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> When it comes to marketing, adidas is the David of the athletic-shoe industry. But it's challenging Goliath </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> on equal footing in the NCAA basketball Final Four.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Adidas will spend just $ 23 million on U.S. marketing this year. It isn't even buying any TV ad time for Saturday's semifinal games or Monday's championship. While the West German firm supplied just three of 64 Division I NCAA playoff teams, two - Duke and Indiana - still remain.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''This is absolutely perfect,'' says adidas USA president Peter Pirner. ''We only have a slingshot, but it's aimed well.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> will spend $ 150 million on marketing this year - including tourney TV ads. It also supplied shoes to 29 playoff teams. Michigan and Cincinnati remain.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">No matter what happens Saturday, a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and adidas-backed team will face off in the championship - with an expected viewership of nearly 70 million. So while ads can cost up to $ 300,000, adidas is getting off cheap.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''This is great exposure value,'' says Joyce Julius Cotman of sports- marketing consultant Joyce Julius and Associates.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_123"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=124>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">308 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">August</span><span class="c2"> 13, 1992, Thursday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Summer camp costly for Texas players</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Maurice Patton</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 14C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">420 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Bobby Crawford of Houston Dwight D. Eisenhower High and Marcus Thomas of Houston MacArthur face four-game suspensions this season for attending the summer </span><span class="c4">Nike/</span><span class="c2">All-American Academic Camp.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Marcus Mitchell of Houston Langham Creek is eligible to play the entire season, though he participated in the camp last month in Indianapolis.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">All three are among 11 Texas players who competed for the Houston STAND (Students Taking Action Not Drugs) basketball team organized by former Houston Rocket John Lucas and partner Jay Parker for a series of summer tournaments, including the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> event.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''I don't understand how you have a right to keep a kid from going outside the state to showcase his skills,'' said Lucas.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The University Interscholastic League, which governs Texas public high school athletics, has a rule making it illegal for a student-athlete to attend invitation-only camps.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''It's not really a camp. Only two hours a day are spent on basketball,'' said Bob Gibbons, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> selection committee chairman. ''This is really an academic program. It would be great to open it to 5,000 kids, but that's not feasible.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Only 125 student-athletes are admitted to the five-day event.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">UIL athletic director Bill Farney said such ''invitation- only'' camps exploit players and don't give borderline players a chance to go.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''Does </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> accept anybody that wants to come to that camp, on a first- come, first-serve basis?'' said Farney. ''The answer to that question would be an indication as to whether it is an invitational camp.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''We're not branding all invitational camps as bad. But when you have a regulation passed by the schools, unless it's changed by the same procedure, it has to be enforced.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Farney has left the executive committees in each district to determine the eligibility of the players in question. Harris County District Court Judge Sharolyn Wood ruled in June that participation would not be in violation of UIL rules as long as ''no financial aid, prize, gift, or thing with monetary value is given to and/or received.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Crawford and Thomas are considering legal action against the UIL.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Seven other players are waiting for rulings from five district executive committees. The remaining player, Marvin Hill, attends Houston St. Pius, a member of the Texas Association of Private and Parochial Schools, and is not affected by the UIL decisions.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''It's so unfair that these other kids are being penalized because they attend public schools,'' said Susan Gunnewig, Hill's guardian.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">PHOTO; b/w, Patty Wood<br/>&#160;<br/>CUTLINE: JOHN LUCAS: Organized Houston anti-drug team.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">HIGH SCHOOLS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_124"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=125>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">311 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">February</span><span class="c2"> 5, 1991, Tuesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> nerd takes to the air, Jordan-style</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS; SECTION B; PAGE 02</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">144 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Michael Jordan: Nerd. An unheard-of association - until this year's&#160;National Basketball Association All-Star Game on Sunday.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">That's when shoe maker </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> breaks its newest commercial, featuring&#160;the high-flying maestro of the NBA airwaves, Mr. Jordan, dressed as Mars&#160;Blackmon, the nerdy character played by Spike Lee in previous Jordan/</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">&#160;ad campaigns.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In the commercial, a genie (played by '50s rocker Little Richard)&#160;grants Mars Blackmon (Mr. Lee) one wish. That wish, naturally, is to soar&#160;like Mr. Jordan and - every flatfoot's dream - slam-dunk a basketball.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Look, Mom, I can fly," says Mr. Jordan, the Mars Blackmon look-&#160;alike as he sails through the air.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The commercial launches the sixth generation of Air Jordan tennis&#160;shoes, which </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> premieres on the air - and Mr. Jordan premieres on his&#160;feet - each year at the All-Star Game.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">February 10, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Photo: Michael Jordan (left) helps make a wish come true for Spike Lee's&#160;character Mars Blackmon (right) in </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> new ads.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_125"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=126>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">313 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">January</span><span class="c2"> 17, 1991, Thursday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">CURRENTS;<br/>Just Like Going to The Movies</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Patricia Leigh Brown</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section C; Page 3; Column 1; Home Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">286 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">AS every red-blooded American knows, some of the most memorable design imagery over the past decade has been lavished not on buildings, but on athletic shoes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Now </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> , the sports and fitness company that has brought forth Air Jordans and "Just Do It," has created </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town, a 12,000-square-foot store in downtown Portland, Ore. The new store, which will soon be replicated elsewhere, may do for fitness merchandising what the Ralph Lauren stores did for home design.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town is modeled after a town square surrounded by freestanding pavilions.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Did you see the movie 'Back to the Future'?" asked Gordon Thompson, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> creative director. "We thought the town square would be a great idea for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town." If it smacks of Disney's Main Street, that too, is part of the point.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We've tried to combine the merchandising concepts of Ralph Lauren, the fun of Disneyland, the exhibitry of the Smithsonian and the atmosphere of F.A.O Schwarz," he said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The store, which opened in late November, uses video screens as major design elements. Like the Lauren stores, it is a total environment. In the Aqua Gear pavilion, where waterproof gear is sold, shoes and socks are mounted in front of an aquarium. Product colors are coordinated with those of the fish.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Customers try on socks around a "video pond," above, composed of nine floor monitors, which substitutes video images of sharks and other creatures for water.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Such achingly hip design, which includes an Air Jordan penthouse, signals a new approach to marketing by </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> which plans to open a similar store in New York next year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"People want to be entertained while shopping," Mr. Thompson said. "This is like a movie for people to go and see."</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">January 17, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_126"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=127>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">316 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Business Times (Singapore)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> wants more women to "just do it'</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">October</span><span class="c2"> 8, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">Sylvia Wong</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> plans to tap the women's market in a big way. Sylvia Wong reports</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> FROM next year, women can look forward to a new range of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> sports accessories fashioned just for them.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Ironically, they have Reebok, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> arch-rival, to thank for this.  Reebok's colourful and fashionable sports shoes, which took the world by storm in 1985, have made </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> see that women want sports goods not just for sports but also as fashion accessories.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">So, the company -which exhorts couch potatoes and athletes alike to "Just Do It" -is launching a new range of shoes, tights, leotards, swimming costumes and other accessories. The range is aimed at women who are likely to buy totally coordinated outfits.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">John Chew, managing director of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Singapore Pte Ltd, said the firm had to make its women's shoes less chunky and more colourful to match Reebok's appeal.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Because women were less inclined to shop at sports outlets, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> would set up women's corners in department stores, Mr Chew said. The company would open 10 such corners in Orchard Road department stores next year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He said the women's market, which now accounts for only 12 per cent of </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> turnover in Singapore, was expected to double next year after the new range comes out.  But he declined to disclose </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> total turnover for Singapore.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">While women customers are getting more attention now, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> largest customer base remains the men and "authentic athletes". Its best-selling shoes are those in its running range, followed by cross trainers, basketball and tennis shoes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mr Chew said running shoes accounted for as much as 30 per cent of local turnover. Among </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> most popular models are the Huarache, Air Max and Pegasus models. The company will bring in an improved version of its Air Max model next year. The Air Max Plus will have an air cushion all around the sole of the shoe and will retail at slightly more than $ 200 a pair.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Oregon-based </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc reckons it has the largest share of the global sporting goods market.  For the year ended Nov 30, 1991, it said worldwide sales jumped 20 per cent from the previous year to US$ 3.2 billion (S$ 5.1 billion).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Reebok International, its closest competitor, chalked up sales of US$ 2.7 billion for the same period while German brand Adidas was third with worldwide sales of about US$ 2.1 billion.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> latest results show that for the quarter ended Aug 31, the company earned US$ 122.5 million, while sales grew 16 per cent to US$ 1.09 billion compared with US$ 947 million in the same period last year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In Singapore, turnover has doubled in the past two years since </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> set up its wholly-owned subsidiary, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Singapore, to handle its own marketing and distribution.  Before this, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> was distributed by Robertson Wilson.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mr Chew said the advantage of </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> local agency was that it could focus its energies on selling only </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> products. Having a wholly-owned local agency also enabled </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> to carry out unique marketing strategies like its "Ekins" (</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> spelled backwards) programme.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The local company employed three Ekins, whose job is to go round to sports clubs, corporations, schools and uniformed groups to advise people on how to buy </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Consumers usually buy on the basis of colour but Ekins try to educate them that they should buy shoes suited to their feet. For example, people with flat feet, high arched feet or normal arched feet require different shoes," Mr Chew said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> also took over the display of its products in the shops of its 100 dealers in Singapore. The local company provided display stands and signs to shops to control the image of its products.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mr Chew said that in Singapore it was a close fight between </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and Reebok for the market leader position. Last year, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> spent $ 1 million advertising its well known tag-lines like "There is no finish line" and "Just Do It" to match Reebok's "The Physics Behind the Physique". </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> ad spending would rise by up to 20 per cent this year, Mr Chew said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The company has already lined up a series of new ads from the US, which will be screened soon.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Advertising &amp; Marketing 1; Pg. 15</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">1240 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">October 8, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Who says women are the weaker sex?; </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Singapore MD John Chew: the firm is launching a new range of sport accessories for women</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Times Business Publications</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_127"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=128>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">318 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 6, 1991, Saturday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">SPORTS BUSINESS: DAVID DAVIDSON; Super Show saves </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> $ 4 million Chicago trip</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; SECTION D; PAGE 03</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">718 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">When the National Sporting Goods Association's World Sports Expo&#160;opens a four-day run in Chicago July 15, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> will be conspicuous by its&#160;absence - and Atlanta's annual Super Show is the primary reason.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We figured we were seeing 95 percent of the same people we'd&#160;already seen at the Super Show," said Mikal Peveto, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> marketing&#160;manager/running apparel, in Atlanta this week for the Peachtree Road&#160;Race. "We looked at the cost - we were spending $ 4 million in Chicago -&#160;and decided to put that back into the retail segment."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Instead, that money will be spent on flying representatives of&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> top 100 accounts to its home office in Portland for an annual&#160;sales message, new product displays and other programs aimed at the&#160;retail market.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> will get plenty of exposure from a recently completed agreement&#160;with The Athletics Congress (TAC) in which the company will provide&#160;uniforms for the U.S. teams participating in the Pan American Games in&#160;Cuba, the World Track and Field Championships in Tokyo and the 1992&#160;Olympics in Barcelona.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">According to Peveto, the company will supply shoes and apparel to&#160;TAC, but not money.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We will supply radical, bold uniforms, but uniforms that at the&#160;same time will be respectful of the games and the country," Peveto said.&#160;"</span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> philosophy is to push the envelope, so the public will see a bold&#160;interpretation of our nation's colors. It will be like pro tennis star)&#160;Andre Agassi, an attitude. The uniforms will make a statement. The&#160;attitude will be aggressive on race day. That fits the attitude of the&#160;United States. It's an aggressive, daring, prideful country and our&#160;uniforms will reflect that."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">FOOT PATROL: While running the Peachtree 10K course last Sunday,&#160;Peveto occupied his mind by conducting an informal shoe count. In one&#160;hour, he counted more than 1,200 runners wearing </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoes (53 percent&#160;of his total; </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> market share is 51 percent). By Peveto's count, 18&#160;percent of the runners wore Asics shoes, exactly that company's share. .&#160;. . Stan Clark, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> Southeast footwear specialist, says his company&#160;would like to increase its visibility during the Peachtree Road Race and&#160;will approach the Atlanta Track Club about increasing the size of its&#160;sponsorship. . . . According to Linda Hannon, this year's Peachtree Road&#160;Race Expo - moved from Colony Square to the Swissotel at Lenox Square&#160;along with race headquarters - was the biggest ever with more than 60&#160;exhibitors. "This Expo is for Jane and John Runner,' and we hope they&#160;enjoy it," said Hannon, who coordinates the Expo. "We decided Buckhead&#160;was a more convenient location for the runners. Lenox Square definitely&#160;is the place to be on July 4 in Atlanta." . . . Athletics director Homer&#160;Rice has promoted and retitled several members of his staff at Georgia&#160;Tech, including Bernie McGregor (chief administrative officer), Kevin&#160;Bryant (assistant A.D./marketing) and Mike Finn (assistant&#160;A.D./communications). Jim Murphy will continue as chief financial&#160;officer. The changes will provide more authority for those working under&#160;Rice, who then will be able to devote more time to fund-raising and Tech's&#160; role in the 1996 Olympics.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">ASTRO-NOMICAL PRICE: John McMullen, owner of the Houston Astros, is&#160;trying to sell his team for $ 95 million, although a recent report in&#160;Financial World magazine assessed the club's value at $ 92 million. Among&#160;a group negotiating to buy the team is Charles Duncan, former president&#160;of Coca-Cola. . . . South Carolina will host its third annual&#160;International Conference on Sports Business April 1-4 next year,&#160;according to Jerry Kissel, a professor in the university's school of&#160;athletics administration. . . . Atlanta World Cup officials will narrow a&#160;list of four sites - the World Congress Center, Inforum, the&#160;International Trade and Convention Center and the old Sears building - as&#160;prospective locations for the 1994 soccer games' media center and&#160;international broadcast center. "Hosting these centers would help&#160;solidify Atlanta as a communications and technology hub," said Atlanta&#160;World Cup chairman Lewis Holland. "It offers us a continuing business&#160;opportunity with long-lasting benefits." Chicago, Dallas, Denver and&#160;Phoenix are the other finalists for the centers.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">February 10, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_128"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=129>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">320 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">September</span><span class="c2"> 6, 1992, SUNDAY, LATE FIVE STAR Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">NIKE</span><span class="c7"> STEPS IN, REPLACES HOGAN TOUR</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Bob Pastin Post-Dispatch Executive Sports Editor</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 7D</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">1058 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., the world's largest footwear and sports apparel company, boldly stepped forward last week and bailed out the flagging Ben Hogan Tour when it signed a multiyear partnership with the PGA Tour.  </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> thus assumes sponsorship of pro golf's premier satellite tour.  In doing so, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> in effect allowed the financially struggling Ben Hogan Co.  off the hook.  Last year the Hogan Co. asked the PGA Tour to be released from its sponsorship, and it appeared for a time that pro golf might lose the closest thing it had to a feeder system.  The </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Tour will commence in 1993 and will be structured almost identically to the Hogan Tour with a 30-tournament schedule of $100,000 to $200,000 tournaments.  The Hogan Co., based in Fort Worth, Texas, was part of the Minoru Isutani conglomerate (which also included the Pebble Beach Co.). The conglomerate crumbled earlier this year. Last spring the Hogan Co. became part of the AMF Cos.  Since 1990, the Hogan Co. had committed $3.5 million annually to the Hogan Tour but found it increasingly difficult to keep up the payments in light of its parent company's travails.  The PGA Tour courted potential sponsors. It had been rumored that Anheuser-Busch, Coca-Cola and Buick were interested, but nothing materialized.  </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> stepped in at the last moment with what was reported to be a major financial commitment. The </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Tour figures to prosper indefinitely in this new arrangement.  Whereas the Hogan Co. suffered losses last year reported to be $30 million, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> boasted revenue of $3.4 billion for its most recent fiscal year.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> got its first exposure to golf in 1983 in the form of golf shoes.  Since then, it has increased its exposure through affiliations with several PGA Tour players. Now it figures to reap enormous benefits on the advertising and marketing fronts.  The 1992 Hogan Tour will generate approximately $4.3 million in prize money, which represents a 41 percent increase over 1990.  Naturally, PGA Tour Commissioner Deane Beman is delighted with the new affiliation. ''</span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> commitment ensures (this tour) will remain a vital part of the PGA Tour for years to come,'' he said.  Chip Shots: Entry deadline for the inaugural Missouri Handicap Championship is Sept.  16. The tournament is Sept. 24-27 at Highland Springs CC in Springfield.  The event is open to all golfers with a USGA handicap index of 40.4 or below.  The field is limited to the first 150 entries. The field will be split into four flights. Flight winners will be determined by the 36-hole cumulative net score.  Entry forms are available at all Missouri Golf Association courses. Entry fee is $85. For information, call the MGA at (314) 636-8994.  A practice round is Sept. 24 with the first round Sept. 25, second round Sept. 26 and final round Sept. 27. All play is stroke play.  KASP Sports 1380 AM offers a ''Fairways and Greens Winter Golf Getaway'' Dec. 9-13, which will feature rounds of golf at the Dunes, Citrus, PGA West Stadium and Mission Hills. The hosts will be Jay Randolph Jr., Jeff Smith and Jim Sheehan of KASP's ''Fairways and Greens'' show. Cost per person is $1, 500.  To register, send a $300 deposit (made out to KASP Golf Classic) with your name, address, phone number and handicap to: KASP Golf Classic, 2360 Hampton Avenue, St. Louis, Mo. 63139. Balance of payment is due by Nov. 1. The getaway also includes lodging, round-trip airfare to Palm Springs, Calif., cocktail party upon arrival, breakfast and cocktail party daily, awards dinner and prizes.  The PGA Grand Slam of Golf, featuring 1992's four major-tournament champions, will be held Nov. 10-11 at the Kauai Lagoons Resort in Hawaii.  Masters champion Fred Couples, U.S. Open champion Tom Kite, British Open champion Nick Faldo and PGA champion Nick Price will compete for a $1 million purse in the 36-hole event on Kauai's Kiele Course.  Ian Woosnam, the 1991 Masters champion, won last year's competition.  Richard Jarrett, Scott Edwards, Ed Schwent, who won the recent St. Louis District Championship, and Derre Ousley, who won the recent Metropolitan Championship, posted the top scores at Wednesday's USGA Mid-Amateur qualifying at Country Club at the Legends in Eureka and advance to the national Mid-Amateur Sept. 19-24 in Detroit. Jarrett took medalist honors with a par 72. Edwards, Schwent and Ousley posted 74s.  Jim Plummer of Lake Saint Louis won the Missouri Golf Association's Senior Tournament at Highland Springs CC in Springfield.  In the U.S. Amateur at Muirfield Village in Dublin, Ohio, Don Bliss was the only Missourian to make the cut. He was tied with six other players at 148 after two rounds of stroke play.  Justin Leonard, a junior at the University of Texas, won the championship 8 and 7 over Thomas Scherrer.  Coming Right Up: SUNDAY - District finals of the Chrysler National Long Driving Championships at Creve Coeur Recreation Complex, one of 15 district sites nationwide. Two players from the 26-person field will qualify for the finals in Boca Raton, Fla., Oct. 3-4. Each competitor will drive six balls that must land within a 40-yard-wide surveyed grid.  TUESDAY - The Blues March of Dimes Celebrity Classic at Norwood Hills Country Club. The noon scramble will be preceded by a putting contest and buffet lunch and followed by an auction and awards banquet with comedian George Lopez the emcee. For information, call 993-6670.  TUESDAY - USGA Senior Amateur qualifying at Greenbriar Hills CC.  FRIDAY - Florissant Valley Jaycees tournament at Paddock Country Club.  Pre-tournament festivities begin at 10:15 a.m. with golf at 11 a.m. Proceeds go to Marygrove (abused and neglected children). Entry fee is $75. For information, call 837-9999 or 837-2200.  FRIDAY - Columbia Golf Tournament, Columbia, Ill., with proceeds to the Missouri and Southern Illinois perinatal program at Cardinal Glennon Children's Hospital. Entry fee is $275. Format is threesome scramble.  Starts at 11:30 a.m. Call 577-5605.  Also on tap: Sept. 12-13 - Jim Jackson Memorial, Algonquin.  Sept. 24-27 - Missouri Handicap Championship, Highland Springs (Springfield).  Sept. 25 - Blue Choice Gateway PGA Pro-Am, Bogey Hills.  Sept. 27 - Blue Choice Gateway PGA Shootout, Bogey Hills.  Some of the information in this column came from wire services and other sportswriters around the country.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">October 12, 1993</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">English</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Photo; PHOTO...AP Photo...David Frost lining up a putt in the Greater Milwaukee Open. Frost was one shot behind going into Saturday's third round.(Photo appeared in 3* edition.)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_129"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=130>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">322 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">June</span><span class="c2"> 10, 1991, Monday, Final Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Inventor, </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> To Go 1-on-1 ;<br/>Va. Man Sues, Claims Air Jordan Idea Is His</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">Robert F. Howe, Washington Post Staff Writer</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">METRO; PAGE D1</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">893 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">While the Chicago Bulls' Michael Jordan tries to blow the Los Angeles Lakers off the basketball court in the NBA finals, an Arlington inventor is putting on a full-court press against one of Jordan's biggest backers, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Charles Petrosky, a 73-year-old inventor who works out of a cluttered shop in his basement, claims in a federal suit in Alexandria that the manufacturing giant swiped his invention when it marketed the Air Jordan sneaker, named after the Bulls' star guard.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"There's no doubt </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> knew about Mr. Petrosky and his idea for an air cushion sole before the introduction of the Air Max and the Air Jordan," said Joel M. Freed, Petrosky's attorney. Freed said his client patented an air cushion sole in 1978 and tried to sell the idea to </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> long before it first marketed the Air Jordan in the 1980s.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The suit has been compared by attorneys on both sides to the case of a former Maryland man who accused several carmakers of stealing his idea for an intermittent windshield wiper now used on millions of vehicles. The Ford Motor Co. agreed to pay inventor Robert W. Kearns $ 10.2 million in that suit.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Petrosky's suit, which is not expected to come to trial until the fall, seeks what could amount to hundreds of thousands of dollars in royalties and penalties. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> said it has sold millions of pairs of Air Jordans at a retail price of more than $ 100 a pair.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> representatives said its Air Jordan and Air Max shoes bear little resemblance to the air cushion sole patented by Petrosky.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"If you look at his proposed system and you look at </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2">, no one would say they are the same," said Leslie A. Nicholson, one of </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> attorneys.  "More importantly, they work very differently."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Nicholson also said that Petrosky's invention "is remarkably similar" to an air cushion sole patented in the early 1900s and that the suit may raise the question of whether Petrosky's shoe should have been awarded a patent.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Petrosky's sole has several chambers that are connected by tiny holes. The chambers are filled using the kind of air pump and needle used to inflate basketballs. </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> air cushions are sealed plastic bladders that are inserted into the sole of the shoe.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The theory behind each is that when the wearer walks heel to toe, the cushions redistribute the air so that the contours always provide support and a comfortable fit.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> representative Lindsay D. Stewart conceded that "the little guy-big guy phenomenon" is a factor in the Petrosky case and that a jury might hold more sympathy for the "basement shop-style" inventor.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Petrosky, who was hospitalized recently for infections in his cardiovascular system, said he was eager to return to his beloved basement workshop on North Jefferson Street. Though he was given last rites recently, he has improved, and doctors have given him a favorable prognosis.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"When I get to feeling better, I'm going to get back at it," Petrosky said from his bed in Arlington Hospital. He said he continues to have new ideas and yearns for the days when he would "get up at 2 o'clock in the morning and go down to the basement and tinker around."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Petrosky's tinkering dates to the late 1940s, when he was discharged from the Army after World War II and he and a friend opened a barbershop in the Ballston area.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He dreamed up a razor strop that was mounted on a support beam so the barber could sharpen his straight razor without having to use two hands. Charles T. Petrosky, the inventor's 38-year-old son, said his father failed to patent the gadget and was angry when he later saw a mounted strop advertised in a trade journal.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"It was the fish that got away," the inventor's son said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">From then on -- especially when the elder Petrosky retired from cutting hair in 1975 -- the inventor was far more mindful of patenting his ideas. He was awarded nine patents over the years, including one for a ring with a small blade attached that could be used in self-defense and another for a system designed to rid cities of rats.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Petrosky's son said his father invented the ring because he was concerned about increasing urban violence and assaults against women. "If a woman slapped someone across the face with the ring on, it would scratch them -- mark them -- so that police could identify them easier," he said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The "classic better rat trap" sat on the bed of a truck and used bait to lure rats out of alleys, up a ramp and into a chamber where they could not escape. "All the man would have to do is drop by in the morning and pick up the truck," Petrosky's son said. While the truck was being driven away, the rats would be killed by fumes pumped into the chamber from the truck's exhaust, he said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Neither invention captured consumers' imaginations, and though a few rings were manufactured, none was ever sold, Petrosky's son said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I just never got off the ground in marketing," the elder Petrosky said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Freed refused to let the Petroskys discuss the inspiration for the air cushion sole because of the lawsuit. But a 1978 newspaper article said Petrosky had pinned his hopes for fame and fortune on what he described as a "walking-on-air" shoe.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"You take a common football needle and hand air pump, and just pump away," he told the now-defunct Washington Star. "A gunky substance inside seals it when you remove the needle. It's a million-dollar idea."</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SERIES: </span><span class="c2">Occasional</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">VIRGINIA NEWS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_130"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=131>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">325 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">January</span><span class="c2"> 22, 1992, Wednesday, 1* EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">COLUMN ONE</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">CLIVE MOSTYN; VANSUN</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">FEATURES; COLUMN ONE; Pg. C1</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">426 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> IN Swoosh: The Unauthorized Story of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and the Men Who Played There, authors J.B. Strasser and Laurie Becklund say the Fortune 500 running-shoe company started by Philip Knight seemed destined to fail in the early days. Among the gaffes:</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">* </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> Japanese manufacturer once proudly offered a discus-thrower's shoe called the Throw-Up.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">* When some prescient staffer signed Bo Jackson in 1986 to</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">hustle </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> products, Jackson was playing minor-league baseball for the Memphis Chicks. Knight demanded to know who signed the guy so the idiot could be fired.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">* The authors describe executive retreats, known as "Buttfaces," enlivened by drinking marathons. And at </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> first national sales conference, a rep from Texas did a brisk business selling marijuana pipes to colleagues.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">* When </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> decided to establish a new manufacturer in Korea, a company exec flew to Seoul and asked the desk clerk at his hotel, "Where can I find some shoe</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">factories?"</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">* And then there's the story about a Taiwanese business trip Knight and a colleague named Gorman made. At a toast-filled banquet, Knight, an old Asia hand, matched his hosts drink for drink. Gorman gave up and tossed his drinks under the table, where they splattered on Knight's pant leg. When the totally blotto Knight realized what Gorman had done, he knocked him down a flight of stairs. Then he vomited and lost a contact lens in the mess.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">GYPSY STYLINGS</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Hankering for some old-</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">fashioned gypsy string music? Try Gypsalero at the Glass Slipper, tonight at 9.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The acoustic Vancouver quartet draws on influences ranging from Django Reinhardt to John McLaughlin and embraces the styles of samba, swing, classical, czardas and tangos.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">TRULY, MADLY, DEEPLY, AGAIN</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Julia Roberts isn't the only one who found consolation in the arms of another after the big wedding that wasn't last summer.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Her ex, Kiefer Sutherland has fallen for aspiring actress Lisa Stothard. Since their first dinner date last fall, the two have been inseparable - together nearly every day, including Thanksgiving at his home in Montana and Christmas with her folks in Wisconsin.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">For their two-week anniversary, he rented an ice rink, packed a picnic and took her skating. Not long after, she moved in.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">She's swooning. He's smiling. And word is they're looking at real estate in Los Angeles - together.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">HI HONEY,</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">I'M HOME</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">I gave her little hints, and let her guess the rest.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- a man on The Oprah Winfrey Show describing how he revealed to his wife that he had been a male prostitute.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">January 22, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">KIEFER SUTHERLAND</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 CanWest Interactive, a division of<br/>CanWest Global Communications Corp.<br/>All Rights Reserved</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_131"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=132>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">326 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 24, 1992, Friday, INTERNATIONAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">IOC BOARD</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 3B</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">376 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> American Anita Defrantz was elected onto the International Olympic Committee's executive board on Thursday to replace Robert Helmick, the former U.S. sports chief who resigned in a corruption scandal.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Defrantz, who won a rowing bronze medal at the 1976 Montreal Games, was one of three IOC members elected to the 11-member board on the final day of the 99th IOC Session.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The other two were Canadian Dick Pound and India's Ashwini Kumar, both former IOC vice-presidents.</span><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>&#160;<br/></span><span class="c2"> SPANISH NATIONALISM: The mayor of Barcelona has appealed to citizens not to rock the boat during the Olympics as controversy rumbles on over Catalan nationalism at the Games.  In an appeal read on the Catalan channel of Spanish television and published Thursday in newspapers, Mayor Pasqual Maragall declared:</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''We were chosen to organize the Games but they don't belong to us. They belong to all mankind.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The two million people of Barcelona, Spain's second city and the capital of its nationalist Catalonia region, had a duty to show the ''maximum of composure, civility and naturalness'' in their behaviour.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The appeal by Maragall, who is also president of the Barcelona organizing committee COOB, follows a bitter row over the extent to which the biggest Olympics in history should be seen as Catalan - not</span></p>
</div>
<table class="c12">
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">Spanish&#160;-&#160;Games.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Thousands&#160;of&#160;apartments&#160;in&#160;Barcelona&#160;are&#160;flying</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14">&#160;</td></tr>
</table>
<div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">yellow and red striped Catalan flags from their balconies. Some have the word ''Independence'' scrawled on them.<br/>&#160;<br/></span><span class="c4">NIKE</span><span class="c2"> APPAREL: U.S. athletes expect to wear their </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> apparel at the Olympics, even though a Spanish court rejected </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> final appeal in a multimillion-dollar trademark feud, the U.S. Olympic Committee says.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The entire U.S. track and field team has a contract to wear </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> apparel. Many other American athletes wear </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''Based on what we have seen, we don't think the interpretation has anything to do with competitive gear or any other apparel or shoes worn by American or other athletes in the Games,'' USOC spokesman Mike Moran said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''We would hope this court would not attempt to dictate to any athlete from any nation what competitive gear they would wear in these Games.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Contributing: Karen Allen, Steve Wieberg</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Olympics Line</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">1992 OLYMPIC GAMES PREVIEW</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_132"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=133>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">329 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">December</span><span class="c2"> 18, 1991, Wednesday,</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">DAILY EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> up 6%</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Financial Times of London and Financial Post news services</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SECTION 2, INVESTMENT &amp; FINANCE; Pg. 15, INTERNATIONAL COMPANY NEWS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">70 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., the U.S.'s largest athletic shoe maker, reported earnings of US$61.5 million (C$70.3 million), or US80 cents a share, for the second quarter ended Nov. 30, an increase of 6% from US$58.1 million (US77 cents) in the same period last year. Revenues for the quarter increased 15% to US$743.4 million from US$648.8 million. The earnings were slightly better than expected by Wall Street analysts.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 6, 1997</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">NEWS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Financial Post Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_133"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=134>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">331 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">WALL STREET JOURNAL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 9, 1992, Thursday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">NIKE</span><span class="c7"> NET SURGED 21% IN QUARTER TO RECORD; STOCK RISES BY $6.375</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section B; Page 4, Column 5</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">27 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><br/><p class="c6"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc posts record fourth-quarter earnings of $70.7 million, up from year-earlier $58.6 million; stock price rises 11 percent on earnings announcement (S)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2"> WSJ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company: Abstracts</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_134"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=135>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">332 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">WALL STREET JOURNAL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 17, 1992, Tuesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">NIKE</span><span class="c7"> NET ROSE 17% IN QUARTER, BUT STOCK FALLS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">BY BILL RICHARDS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section C; Page 23, Column 1</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">45 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><br/><p class="c6"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc reports third-quarter earnings of $82.5 million, compared with $70.7 million year before; company's stock price drops sharply after it says full-year earnings will be slightly below some analysts' expectations (S)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2"> WSJ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company: Abstracts</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_135"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=136>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">333 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">WALL STREET JOURNAL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">January</span><span class="c2"> 30, 1992, Thursday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">NIKE</span><span class="c7"> INC</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section B; Page 4, Column 4</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">28 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><br/><p class="c6"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc is hit with additional charges of patent infringement by Avia Group International Inc, rival athletic shoe company, Portland, Ore (S)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2"> WSJ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company: Abstracts</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_136"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=137>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">334 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">WALL STREET JOURNAL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">December</span><span class="c2"> 17, 1991, Tuesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">NIKE</span><span class="c7"> INC</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section A; Page 12, Column 4</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">17 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><br/><p class="c6"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc reports that fiscal second-quarter net income rose 5.9% to $61.5 million (S)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2"> WSJ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company: Abstracts</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_137"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=138>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">335 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">WALL STREET JOURNAL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 10, 1991, Wednesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">NIKE</span><span class="c7"> 'COMFORTABLE' WITH ESTIMATES NET ROSE IN FISCAL YEAR</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">BY CHARLES MCCOY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section 1; Page 7, Column 1</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">37 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><br/><p class="c6"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc is 'comfortable' with analysts' estimates that company earned between $3.65 and $3.85 share in fiscal year ended May 31, increase of between 13% and 20% from year-earlier levels, chmn Philip H Knight says (M)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2"> WSJ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company: Abstracts</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_138"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=139>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">336 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">WALL STREET JOURNAL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">June</span><span class="c2"> 14, 1991, Friday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">NIKE</span><span class="c7"> INC</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section B; Page 5, Column 1</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">12 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><br/><p class="c6"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc says revenue for its year ended May 31 topped $3 billion (S)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2"> WSJ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company: Abstracts</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_139"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=140>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">337 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">WALL STREET JOURNAL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 19, 1991, Tuesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">NIKE</span><span class="c7"> NET ROSE 12% IN FISCAL 3RD PERIOD</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section A; Page 5, Column 4</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">18 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><br/><p class="c6"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc reports 12% rise in net income for its fiscal third quarter ended Feb 28, to $70.7 million (M)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2"> WSJ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company: Abstracts</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_140"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=141>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">352 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 10, 1991, Wednesday,</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">DAILY EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> confident</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Financial Times of London and Financial Post news services</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SECTION 2, INVESTMENT &amp; FINANCE; Pg. 14, INTERNATIONAL COMPANY NEWS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">112 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Shoe manufacturer </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. is ''comfortable'' with analysts' estimates it will increase net income 14%-20% to between US$3.65 and US$3.85 a share for the fiscal year ended May 31.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">Chairman and chief executive Philip Knight declined to give specific estimates, although he did say total net income would increase about 15% for the year - a gain that would indicate total net income of about US$279.4 million (C$320.2 million) for the Beaverton, Ore.-based company. He said sales for the year topped US$3 billion, a 34% jump from year-earlier sales of US$2.2 billion. The company is scheduled to report fourth-quarter and fiscal year earnings today.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 6, 1997</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">NEWS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Financial Post Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_141"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=142>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">354 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">WALL STREET JOURNAL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">June</span><span class="c2"> 19, 1992, Friday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">COURIER SIGNS WITH </span><span class="c8">NIKE</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section B; Page 6, Column 6</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">20 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><br/><p class="c6"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc signs French Open champion Jim Courier as endorser for its Supreme Court line of tennis apparel (S)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2"> WSJ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company: Abstracts</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_142"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=143>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">356 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 17, 1992, Tuesday,</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">DAILY EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> earnings rise</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Financial Times of London and Financial Post news services</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SECTION 3, THE MARKETS; Pg. 20, INTERNATIONAL COMPANY NEWS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">58 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Running shoe giant </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. yesterday reported earnings of US$82.5 million (US$1.08 a share) for the third quarter ended Feb. 29, up 17% from US$70.7 million (US93 cents) for the same period last year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Revenue increased 8% to US$867 million from US$802.2 million in the year-ago quarter and were a record for the third quarter.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 6, 1997</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">NEWS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Financial Post Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_143"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=144>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">359 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Hobart Mercury</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">June</span><span class="c2"> 1, 1991 Saturday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">AAP</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">244 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">New-wave sneakers finally get their sea legs New York BEACHCOMBERS along Oregon's north coast are finding new treasures from the sea - hundreds of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> sport shoes washing ashore a year after a cargo ship mishap.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Since April 2, Burke and Lisa Pond have found more than 140 </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoes.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Steve McLoed, who until recently had never owned a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoe, now boasts about 70. Shirley Tarnasky has found 50 </span><span class="c4">Nikes</span><span class="c2"> near her oceanfront home in Rockaway Beach.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Some people are now carting sneakers and hiking boots home by the wheelbarrow load.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But the storm-tossed shoes aren't coming ashore in pairs, prompting Shirley Tarnasky to form the Sneaker Society to promote sneaker swaps at which people can trade to create matching pairs.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> transportation manager Rich Hastings said yesterday the shoes were from five boxcar-size containers that fell from a Seattle-bound cargo ship in the Pacific Ocean in May last year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">About 40,000 pairs of </span><span class="c4">Nikes</span><span class="c2"> were lost but now were reaching Oregon after traveling thousands of miles on ocean currents, Mr Hastings said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Though coated with seaweed and filled with sand and long-neck clams, most of the shoes are as good as new after a cleaning, Ms Tarnasky said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">She said </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> was missing the boat by not taking more interest in the seagoing sneakers.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"The advertising possibilities are obvious," she said. "Shoes that can float around in the ocean for a year and not come apart at the seams just have to be good." AP</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 25, 2003</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2">MER</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_144"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=145>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">361 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">June</span><span class="c2"> 28, 1991, Friday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> knows hurting Bo to make All-Star show</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Ben Brown</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 2C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">186 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Bo Jackson has been unable to play a single inning of baseball in the '91 season, but he'll still make an appearance during the July 9 All-Star Game.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has purchased four minutes of ad time during the prime-time telecast.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">And for the third year, the shoe company is using the game to premier a new Bo ad campaign.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Past commercials - including the famous ''Bo knows'' - have been award- winners. The new series will kickoff with a 60-second spot that highlights this year's theme.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is keeping details of the new campaign secret until next week. But this much has leaked: The new spots will have the world's most famous two- sport athlete singing and dancing and will involve several other guest athletes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jackson injured his hip last January as an NFL running back for the Los Angeles Raiders. He was released by baseball's Kansas City Royals in spring training, then signed by the Chicago White Sox.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Since the regular season began, Jackson has been working on an intensive rehabilitation program and vows to return to baseball.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He is expected to remain on the disabled list, though, until August.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">EAR PHOTO; color, Nick Ut, AP<br/>&#160;<br/>CUTLINE: ALL-STAR SPOT: Injured hip or not, Bo Jackson will be showing off some new moves in a series of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> commercials that will debut during CBS' telecast of baseball's All-Star Game July 9.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Sportstalk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_145"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=146>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">364 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Daily Mail (London)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 23, 1992, Thursday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Make tracks, the police are after our vests!;<br/>OLYMPIC STARS RUN INTO TRADEMARK ROW</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">David Ward</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Pg. 3</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">894 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> OLYMPIC athletes could be running away from police in Barcelona . . . to stop them confiscating their track outfits.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The possibility was raised last night after a Madrid court confirmed a ban on the U.S. firm </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, the world's largest sportswear seller, using the name on its clothing in Spain.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Judges said the trademark </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> on clothes there belongs to lawyer Juan Amigo, who bought the title 11 years ago from a sock firm which registered it in 1932.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> He wants up to &#163;15million to allow </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> to use the name - taken from the Greek goddess of victory - during the Olympics.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The American giant, which had planned a major showcase of new designs in Barcelona, says it now faces multi-million-pound losses.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> It has paid out huge sums for the right to outfit the American and Algerian track and field teams, including U.S. stars Carl Lewis and Mike Powell and Algerian Noureddine Morceli - favourite to win the 1,500 metres.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The ban affects only clothing, not </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoes or the firm's familiar tick-shaped 'whoosh' logo. But if the court ruling is defied, athletes could face confrontations with police trying to enforce it.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Last night, the American team was defiant. 'I'd like to see them try it,' said spokesman Mike Moran. 'The right to wear competitive gear of anyone's choice is an Olympic tradition.'</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> was also refusing to back down. 'It is beyond the realm of possibility that these uniforms will be taken from the athletes,' said the firm's lawyer Lindsay Stuart. 'All these products were purchased or given to the athletes outside of Spain.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> 'It would be the same as you going into Spain with a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> T-shirt in your suitcase and having it taken away from you.' However, Senor Amigo's lawyer, Jose Antonio Hernandez, said: 'I trust </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> will comply with the law. If they don't comply, they'll have to pay the consequences.'</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> After yesterday's ruling by Spain's highest appeals court, the American Embassy arranged a meeting between </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and Senor Amigo - but </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> cancelled the talks.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The company's Madrid attorney, Enrique Jimenez Batalla, said it will not negotiate. 'We're of the opinion that the court order does not affect the Olympic Games,' he added. 'It affects the sale of clothing in Spain.'</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Mike Moran agreed. 'Spanish courts have no jurisdiction over our athletes and what they wear,' he said. 'I can't believe that anybody is going to take the uniforms off our athletes in the middle of the arena. It's too outlandish.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> 'The International Olympic Committee has given governing bodies of sport around the world the right to make these marketing agreements.'</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> setback came despite the support of the European Commission and the Spanish and American governments. They wanted the firm to be allowed to post a bond to let it advertise and sell clothes while the case was going on.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> One possibility is that it will get round the injunction by supplying athletes with outfits bearing its logo, but not the name </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Choice</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 4, 1993</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">English</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Displaying the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> name, Algeria's Noureddine Morceli - favourite to win the 1,500 metres in Barcelona - powers down the track. Now he could be forced to swop outfits . .. but they'll have to catch him first.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">PUB-TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Paper</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Associated Newspapers Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_146"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=147>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">365 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Daily Mail (London)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 23, 1992, Thursday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Make tracks, the police are after our vests!;<br/>OLYMPIC STARS RUN INTO TRADEMARK ROW</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">David Ward</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Pg. 3</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">501 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> OLYMPIC athletes could be running away from police in Barcelona . . . to stop them confiscating their track outfits.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The possibility was raised last night after a Madrid court confirmed a ban on the U.S. firm </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, the world's largest sportswear seller, using the name on its clothing in Spain.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Judges said the trademark </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> on clothes there belongs to lawyer Juan Amigo, who bought the title 11 years ago from a sock firm which registered it in 1932.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> He wants up to &#163;15million to allow </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> to use the name - taken from the Greek goddess of victory - during the Olympics.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The American giant, which had planned a major showcase of new designs in Barcelona, says it now faces multi-million-pound losses.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> It has paid out huge sums for the right to outfit the American and Algerian track and field teams, including U.S. stars Carl Lewis and Mike Powell and Algerian Noureddine Morceli - favourite to win the 1,500 metres.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The ban affects only clothing, not </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoes or the firm's familiar tick-shaped 'whoosh' logo. But if the court ruling is defied, athletes could face confrontations with police trying to enforce it.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Last night, the American team was defiant. 'I'd like to see them try it,' said spokesman Mike Moran. 'The right to wear competitive gear of anyone's choice is an Olympic tradition.'</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> was also refusing to back down. 'It is beyond the realm of possibility that these uniforms will be taken from the athletes,' said the firm's lawyer Lindsay Stuart. 'All these products were purchased or given to the athletes outside of Spain.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> 'It would be the same as you going into Spain with a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> T-shirt in your suitcase and having it taken away from you.' However, Senor Amigo's lawyer, Jose Antonio Hernandez, said: 'I trust </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> will comply with the law. If they don't comply, they'll have to pay the consequences.'</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> After yesterday's ruling by Spain's highest appeals court, the American Embassy arranged a meeting between </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and Senor Amigo - but </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> cancelled the talks.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The company's Madrid attorney, Enrique Jimenez Batalla, said it will not negotiate. 'We're of the opinion that the court order does not affect the Olympic Games,' he added. 'It affects the sale of clothing in Spain.'</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Mike Moran agreed. 'Spanish courts have no jurisdiction over our athletes and what they wear,' he said. 'I can't believe that anybody is going to take the uniforms off our athletes in the middle of the arena. It's too outlandish.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> 'The International Olympic Committee has given governing bodies of sport around the world the right to make these marketing agreements.'</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> setback came despite the support of the European Commission and the Spanish and American governments. They wanted the firm to be allowed to post a bond to let it advertise and sell clothes while the case was going on.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> One possibility is that it will get round the injunction by supplying athletes with outfits bearing its logo, but not the name </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Choice</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 4, 1993</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">English</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Displaying the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> name, Algeria's Noureddine Morceli - favourite to win the 1,500 metres in Barcelona - powers down the track. Now he could be forced to swop outfits . .. but they'll have to catch him first.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">PUB-TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Paper</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Associated Newspapers Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_147"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=148>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">368 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 11, 1992, Saturday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">COMPANY NEWS;<br/></span><span class="c8">Nike's</span><span class="c7"> Olympian Trademark Fight</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Special to The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section 1; Page 35; Column 3; Financial Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">754 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">MADRID, July 10</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Imagine the following live broadcast during the Olympic Games this month: The Spanish police interrupt a basketball game and ask American athletes to strip. The officers then confiscate any shirts or shorts carrying </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc.'s logo.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Although such a scene is a worst-case scenario, it could happen as a result of a dispute over trademark rights between the Beaverton, Ore., maker of athletic wear and Juan Amigo, a lawyer and associate of </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> former distributor in Spain.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> sponsor of American Olympic teams, had hoped for wide advertising exposure during the Games. But that hope has been dashed by a Spanish court ruling that bans the company from marketing its sports clothing during the Olympics. An appeal of the ruling, which does not forbid </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> to market its logo on shoes, is unlikely to be taken up in time for the July 25 start of the Games.<br/>&#160;<br/>'Tremendous Economic Damage'</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "It's unfair that the court is supporting someone who is taking advantage of someone else's success and who is causing tremendous economic damage," complained Cesar Garcelan, marketing director of American </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> the company's current distributor in Spain, who estimates </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> apparel sales in Spain at more than 2 billion pesetas, or $20 million, a year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The company must now sell its clothing line at souvenir stands in Barcelona without the logo. Lawyers for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> estimate that at the Olympic stand, those lost apparel sales were expected to represent about 10 percent of total sales. Sports bags account for perhaps another 10 percent, with shoes, which </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is allowed to market, representing the bulk of the sales.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Richard K. Donahue, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> president and chief operating officer, was quoted in the Spanish business paper Expansion as saying that the company's trademark rights have been "trampled" in Spain.<br/>&#160;<br/>No Negotiation 'With Pirates'</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> A United States Embassy official said that while the Embassy was supporting the American company, trademark battles often occurred in Spain and companies usually agreed to settlements in which they paid to gain control of their names. Adidas A.G. had a similar case and wound up paying.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But one </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> executive said, "Our company's policy is not to negotiate with pirates."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The former </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> distributor and Mr. Amigo are now marketing their own identical range of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> sportswear. Various people involved in the case contend that Mr. Amigo has asked for amounts varying from an early offer of $8 million to $10 million to settle the wrangle.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mr. Amigo and the lawyers who are handling his case were unavailable for comment.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The name </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> was first registered in Spain in 1932 by a Catalonian sock knitter and included a picture of a statue of an armless Greek goddess that stands at one of the stairway entrances to the Louvre in Paris titled, "The Victory of Samotrace." The word "</span><span class="c4">NIKE</span><span class="c2">" is written at the pedestal in this 1932 registration.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mr. Amigo bought the rights to this trademark, which had never been used, in 1982. The </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> company in Oregon was granted trademark registration for shoes in 1983 and for sports clothes several years later.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Trouble started when the American company decided to change distributors in 1989 when its contract expired. Mr. Amigo, a friend and associate of the former distributor, according to Spanish </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> sources, then sought to register as a trademark a practically identical version of the United States logo, as well as some 200 versions of names using the word "</span><span class="c4">Nike.</span><span class="c2">"</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Spain's trademark registrar denied the application. Mr. Amigo then filed for an injunction banning the marketing of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> apparel in Spain on the ground that the two logos, the 1932 Greek goddess </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and the American trademark, were "confusing for clients." A lower court ruled in favor of the injunction in March 1991.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> appealed to Spain's Constitutional Court, the highest court. In April 1991, the court accepted the proceeding, but a definitive ruling is not expected for two to three years, well after the summer games.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Because the Constitutional Court normally rejects about 90 percent of all appeals, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> applied to post bond as a precaution that would allow the company to market its logo until a final ruling was made. It lost this second proceeding July 3 and has appealed in a last-ditch effort that is unlikely to beat the Olympic deadline.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"It is absolutely incredible that this man, Mr. Juan Amigo, can affect </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> exposure all over the world by preventing </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> from dressing the U.S. team," Mr. Garcelan complained.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">July 11, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Photo: A dispute over trademark rights is dashing </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> plans to market its sports clothing at the Barcelona Olympics. The </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> logo was prominent at </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> successful retail store at the 1988 Games in Korea. (</span><span class="c4">Nike)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_148"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=149>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">371 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">WALL STREET JOURNAL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">December</span><span class="c2"> 30, 1991, Monday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">NIKE</span><span class="c7"> INC.: FIRM AND L.A. GEAR SETTLE SUITS AGAINST EACH OTHER</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section B; Page 4, Column 5</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">14 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><br/><p class="c6"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc and LA Gear Inc settle all claims against each other in pending suits (S)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2"> WSJ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company: Abstracts</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_149"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=150>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">374 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">WALL STREET JOURNAL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">September</span><span class="c2"> 22, 1992, Tuesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">NIKE</span><span class="c7"> TURNS TO MANAGING ENDOURSERS' CAREERS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">BY JOANNE LIPMAN</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section B; Page 10, Column 3</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">59 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><br/><p class="c6"><span class="c2">Advertising column says athletic shoe giant </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has quietly started an athletes' management business to oversee some of its endorsers' affairs, from signing other endorsement deals to sports contracts; action is causing conflict of interest claims from established sports managers and others (M)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2"> WSJ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company: Abstracts</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_150"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=151>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">375 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">WALL STREET JOURNAL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 14, 1992, Tuesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">NIKE</span><span class="c7"> SEEMS TO BE DOING IT RIGHT (AND LEFT)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">BY TIM W FERGUSON</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section A; Page 17, Column 3</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">11 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><br/><p class="c6"><span class="c2">Business World column on financial success of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc; table (L)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2"> WSJ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Diagram</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company: Abstracts</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_151"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=152>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">376 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">WALL STREET JOURNAL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">April</span><span class="c2"> 27, 1992, Monday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">NIKE'S</span><span class="c7"> STATURE IN EUROPE MAY BE SET TO DROP IF QUOTAS ARE PLACED ON SHOES MADE IN CHINA</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">BY LAURIE P COHEN; MARK M NELSON</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section C; Page 2, Column 3</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">39 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><br/><p class="c6"><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> lead position in Europe's athletic-shoe market--and its stock price--could be weakened if European Community imposes quotas that would restrict importation of shoes made in China; graph (M)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2"> WSJ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Graph</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company: Abstracts</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_152"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=153>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">377 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">WALL STREET JOURNAL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">May</span><span class="c2"> 23, 1991, Thursday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">NIKE</span><span class="c7"> TAPS GEORGETOWN'S JOHN THOMPSON FOR ITS BOARD IN BID TO BLOCK CRITICISM</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">BY CHIP JOHNSON</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section B; Page 7, Column 1</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">34 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><br/><p class="c6"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc moves to deflate criticism from black groups about its hiring and marketing practices, naming to its board John Thompson, head basketball coach at Georgetown University; Thompson portrait (M)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2"> WSJ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Diagram</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company: Abstracts</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_153"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=154>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">386 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Guardian (London)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">August</span><span class="c2"> 15, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">CURSE OF </span><span class="c8">NIKE</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">ROBERT NEEDHAM</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">THE GUARDIAN TABLOID PAGE; Pg. 37</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">426 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> IF, LIKE </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, your range of sports apparel is named after the Greek goddess of victory, it may be embarrassing when it is worn by losers rather than winners.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> If, like </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, you had plastered the images of these losers on billboards across the world in expectation of them being winners, it may be acutely, excruciatingly embarrassing. And if, like </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, you had paid millions of dollars to these losers for the privilege, you might be wondering about the wisdom of your Olympic investment.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> BILLBOARD 1: "You have just passed Michael Johnson. More than most athletes will do this summer."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Well, "most athletes" - the badminton players, for instance - were not competing against Johnson. But even within his chosen event, the 200m sprint, at least five runners proved they could pass the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">-emblazoned Johnson - he came sixth of eight in his semi-final, failing even to qualify for the final.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> BUBKA: brought to earthALLSPORT</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> BILLBOARD 2: "Spanish air traffic control has been warned."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> They needn't have been. Sergey Bubka, the best pole vaulter in history, the long-serving, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">-wearing world record holder (6.11m) and world champion, failed even to clear his opening height in the pole vault final. The Ukrainian made two attempts at 5.70m, then had a foolhardy, equally unsuccessful stab at 5.75m.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> BILLBOARD 3: "Ever heard the Algerian national anthem? You will."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Oh no, you won't. At least, not as a result of the performance of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">-toting Nourredine Morceli. He came a modest seventh in the 1500m final.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Other </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">-brandishing flops:</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> - Kenyan runner Richard Chelimo had his 10,000m gold medal taken away from him. He finished second in the race, but was awarded the gold after being judged to have been impeded by Moroccans. Unfortunately, the decision was later reversed.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> - Jim Courier, possessor of the most lucrative shoe contract outside American basketball - worth at least $ 4 million a year over five years - was beaten in the tennis quarter-finals by unknown Marc Rosset from Switzerland, 6-4, 6-2, 6-0.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> - Even the six </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">-soled members of the basketball Dream Team - notably Michael Jordan - made themselves unpopular by cynically draping American flags over their shoulders, in order to hide the Reebok logo on their tracksuits.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Such footwear-associated cock-ups are uncannily reminiscent of goddess </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> most famous image, depicted in a frieze on the Acropolis: on her way to deliver a message to the embattled city of Athens, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has to stop to fix her sandal, making her late.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">May 7, 1993</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Guardian Newspapers Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_154"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=155>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">388 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">April</span><span class="c2"> 23, 1992, Thursday,</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">DAILY: NATIONAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> may drop Krabbe</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SECTION 4, INSIDE SPORT; Pg. 43, SPORTS BRIEFS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">60 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> German sprint star Katrin Krabbe is in danger of losing her sponsorship with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> unless she is cleared of drug use next month by track and field's governing body, the German magazine Stern claims. Krabbe, Grit Breuer and Silke Moeller were suspended Feb. 15 by German track officials for manipulating urine samples at a training camp last year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 6, 1997</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">NEWS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Financial Post Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_155"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=156>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">390 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 19, 1991, Tuesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Thanks to endorsements, Bo won't know poverty</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Mike Fish Staff writersports; personalities; endorsements; salaries</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; SECTION E; PAGE 05</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">495 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Even if Bo Jackson's professional sports career is in limbo, Bo&#160;knows he can always hawk sneakers.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A spokeswoman for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., provider of one of Jackson's many&#160;paychecks, says her company "has never cancelled a contract with any&#160;professional athlete due to injury or illness."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Liz Dolan added that there is nothing in Jackson's contract with&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> stipulating he has to play two sports, or even one.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Last spring, Jackson, whose football and baseball careers are&#160;jeopardized by a hip injury, signed an extension with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> through 1993.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We're not going to cut him,'' said Dolan, commenting from </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">&#160;headquarters in Beaverton, Ore. "Our fitness center is named after Bo. So&#160;we'd like to invite Bo to come spend the next year rehabilitating himself&#160;at the Bo Jackson Sports and Fitness Center."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> didn't dump Michael Jordan when he had an injury that sidelined&#160;him in the second year of his contract. Dolan suggested Jackson's career&#160;may not be over.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Bo is a surprising, explosive athlete. I wouldn't jump to any&#160;conclusions," Dolan said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Forbes magazine recently reported Jackson's annual endorsement&#160;income at $ 2.5 million. His agent, Richard Woods, calls the figure&#160;conservative.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jackson, the ultimate football/baseball hybrid, can be seen in ad&#160;campaigns for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, AT&amp;T, Cheerios and Pepsi. He also serves as spokesman&#160;for Bo-Med - medical supplies for weekend warriors, of which he is part&#160;of a joint venture - and he's pursuing the possibility of starting a&#160;restaurant franchise.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But if Jackson is restricted to playing only one sport, or none at&#160;all, it certainly diminishes his superman aura.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"The two-sport thing has been the cornerstone of our campaign," Fred&#160;Schreyer, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> director of sports marketing, said recently. "I have no&#160;doubt he would be a star if he played one sport, and he might be a&#160;celebrity as well, but I don't think we ever would have gone the way we&#160;have if it wasn't the two-sport thing.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"It's the guy who can do anything. That really stems from the fact&#160;he's kind of doing things nobody else has done."; Bo Jackson's career stats; BASEBALL</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Year ............. HR .......... RBI ......... Avg.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">1986 ............. 2 .......... 9 ......... .207</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">1987 ............. 22 .......... 53 ......... .235</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">1988 ............. 25 .......... 68 ......... .246</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">1989 ............. 32 .......... 105 ......... .256</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">1990 ............. 28 .......... 78 ......... .272</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Total ............. 109 .......... 313 ......... .250; FOOTBALL</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Year ............ Rushes ........... Yards ......... Avg.&#160;......... TD</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">1987 ............ 81 .............. 554 .......... 6.8&#160;.......... 4</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">1988 ............ 136 .............. 580 .......... 4.3&#160;.......... 3</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">1989 ............ 173 .............. 950 .......... 5.5&#160;.......... 4</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">1990 ............ 125 .............. 698 .......... 5.6&#160;.......... 5</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Total ........... 515 .............. 2,782 ......... 5.4&#160;.......... 16</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">February 10, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_156"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=157>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">392 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">May</span><span class="c2"> 20, 1992, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">THE MEDIA BUSINESS: ADVERTISING -- ADDENDA;<br/></span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> Campaign Does It Again</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By STUART ELLIOTT</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section D; Page 17; Column 2; Financial Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">135 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">For the second time in two years, Wieden &amp; Kennedy in Portland, Ore., has won a Stephen E. Kelly Award for the best magazine advertising campaign. It won the $100,000 prize for work for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The agency won the 1991 Kelly, announced last night by the Magazine Publishers of America at a dinner in Los Angeles, for three four-page print advertisements in a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> campaign aimed at women.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The campaign, which has been praised for appealing to women in an unstereotypical manner, was one of three Wieden &amp; Kennedy campaigns for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> among the 25 nominees.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The agency also won the Kelly in 1990 for a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> campaign that appeared in magazines in 1989. The latest award is another in a recent series of honors for Wieden &amp; Kennedy that included Agency of the Year from Advertising Age and Adweek.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">May 20, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_157"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=158>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">393 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c16"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c16"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">August</span><span class="c2"> 6, 1992, Thursday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Compromise</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Peter Ball</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Sport</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">163 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Even athletes have to discover one day that life is full of those little compromises especially when sponsorship is involved. The ''Dream Team'' is one example.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">Reebok has sponsored the United States squad; several of the millionaire basketball players have individual deals with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Yesterday a compromise for the medal ceremony was reached all 12 players will wear the official US Olympic Committee uniform ''but in such a manner that does not reveal any commercial identification,'' according to the American basketball president, Dave Gavitt. Effectively the six </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> contracted players, including Michael Jordan, Charles Barkley and John Stockton, will be able to cover up the Reebok identification marks but not display </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> symbols.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> might at least find that preferable to Sergey Bubka, the world pole vault record holder, who adorns their advertisments. Bubka was photographed in training wearing his prescribed </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> top and Adidas shorts.  Whoops.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">August 7, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c16"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Times Newspapers Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_158"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=159>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">397 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Globe and Mail (Canada)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">October</span><span class="c2"> 10, 1991 Thursday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">TRUTH &amp; RUMOURS   WILLIAM HOUSTON'S WORLD OF SPORT   Sit on it, Jays!</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">WILLIAM HOUSTON; GAM</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">465 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">John William Hart III is an insurance salesman in Los Angeles who also<br/>writes poetry about baseball. He has published two books, The Tao of<br/>Baseball and Dugout Poems, both of which are in the Baseball Hall of<br/>Fame's library. Hart, 32, attends ball games (Dodgers) or listens to them<br/>on the radio (television stunts the imagination). After listening to the<br/>first game of the American League Championship Series, he offered this -<br/>an application of the Taoist philosophy - to the Toronto Blue Jays.<br/>Learning is the practice of remembering.<br/>The Tao is forgetting.<br/>Keep on forgetting until you reach the state of sitting.<br/>To win the World Series one must forget all.<br/>Have no private answer.<br/>And sit.<br/>                        New Bo Jackson video <br/>  </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> offers Bo Jackson fans an advertising-entertainment hybrid for the<br/>Christmas market. It's a home video titled Bo Knows Bo: The Bo Jackson<br/>Story. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> collaborated with CBS"Fox Video to market a 45-minute program<br/>that combines </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> advertising with a documentary-style look at the two-<br/>sport athlete's life.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">    Advertising Age reports that Bo Knows Bo is the first product from<br/></span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> new sports-entertainment division. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> plans to market videos on<br/>other athletes.<br/> Steffi Graf, a pasta lover, is starring in a new German ad campaign for<br/>Barilla, the Italian pasta marketer. In addition to noodles, she's getting<br/>lots of cash - $3-million (U.S.) over three years. Print ads and a 20-<br/>second television commercial show Graf wearing a variety of pasta as<br/>earrings, a brooch, pendant and ring.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c9"> Hockey notes</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c9"> On the Forbes list</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">   There are several sports owners on the Forbes 400 list of the wealthiest  people in the United States. William Wirtz (Chicago Blackhawks) and Gordon  Gund (San Jose Sharks) are noticeably absent because their money is part  of a family fortune.   Richard DeVos, $2.9-billion (U.S.), Orlando Magic of the National  Basketball Association.    Paul Allen, $2.4-billion, Portland Trail Blazers (NBA).    Ted Arison, $2.3-billion, Miami Heat (NBA).   Edward DeBartolo Sr., $1.4-billion, Pittsburgh Penguins (NHL) and San  Francisco 49ers of the National Football League.    Ted Turner, $1.3-billion, Atlanta Hawks (NBA), Atlanta Braves, National  League baseball.    Preston Tisch, $1.15-billion, New York Giants (NFL).   Jack Kent Cooke, $1.1-billion, Washington Redskins (NFL).   Ewing Marion Kauffman, $835-million, Kansas City Royals (American League  baseball).   William Davidson, $725-million, Detroit Pistons (NBA).   Carl Pohlad, $680-million, Minnesota Twins (AL).   Leon Hess, $650-million, New York Jets (NFL).   William Clay Ford, $610-million, Detroit Lions (NFL).   Melvin Simon, $600-million, Indiana Pacers (NBA).   Gus Alexander Spanos, $600-million, San Diego Chargers (NFL).   Tom Monaghan, $550-million, Detroit Tigers (AL).   </span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">January 9, 2007</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">PUBLICATION-TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Newspaper</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.<br/>All Rights Reserved</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_159"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=160>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">399 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">WALL STREET JOURNAL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">May</span><span class="c2"> 26, 1992, Tuesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">AD NOTES; </span><span class="c8">NIKE</span><span class="c7"> &amp; SPIKE</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section B; Page 8, Column 6</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">25 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><br/><p class="c6"><span class="c2">Film director Spike Lee is featured in new commercial from </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc promoting athletic apparel and racial harmony; Widen &amp; Kennedy created spot (S)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2"> WSJ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company: Abstracts</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_160"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=161>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">401 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">WALL STREET JOURNAL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">May</span><span class="c2"> 26, 1992, Tuesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">AD NOTES; </span><span class="c8">NIKE</span><span class="c7"> &amp; SPIKE</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section B; Page 8, Column 6</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">25 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><br/><p class="c6"><span class="c2">Film director Spike Lee is featured in new commercial from </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc promoting athletic apparel and racial harmony; Widen &amp; Kennedy created spot (S)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2"> WSJ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company: Abstracts</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_161"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=162>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">402 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">St. Petersburg Times (Florida)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">June</span><span class="c2"> 6, 1992, Saturday, City Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Kids &amp; Kubs reveal secret: It's the shoes</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 1C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">188 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">ST. PETERSBURG</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Move over Michael Jordan. There's some new Kids (&amp; Kubs) on the advertising airwaves.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;St. Petersburg's Three-Quarter Century Softball Club a.k.a. the Kids &amp; Kubs is going to be featured in a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> commercial during Major League Baseball's All-Star Game on July 14.</span><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>&#160;<br/></span><span class="c2">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Editing of the commercial, which was filmed in late April at a Kids &amp; Kubs game, hasn't been completed and a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> spokesman said the ad's plot is not being revealed before its airing.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;"Given the setting and the types of players these gentlemen are, I think you can expect it to be a fun spot," said Dusty Kidd, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> PR director. "They're an interesting group of guys down there."<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Kids &amp; Kubs president Paul Good said </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has supplied the club with sneakers for a number of years. For the commercial, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> donated $ 5,000 and 50 pairs of shoes to the softball club.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;"They filmed a number of scenes and players, but I don't know what will finally end up on the screen," Good said. "This is super for us. This is the kind of thing you dream about, getting national exposure. You can't buy that."<br/></span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 3, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Times Publishing Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_162"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=163>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">405 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 24, 1991, Wednesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Anderson signs to represent </span><span class="c8">Nike</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Mike Fish Staff writerbasketball; personalities; georgia/tech; advertising</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; SECTION E; PAGE 01</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">164 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Kenny Anderson is the latest </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> pitchman. The former Georgia Tech&#160;star has signed a multi-year deal, joining such marquee NBA players as&#160;Michael Jordan, David Robinson and Charles Barkley.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Converse and Reebok were the other finalists for Anderson's&#160;endorsement.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> officials plan to feature Anderson on a national television&#160;campaign this season. Anderson, a New York schoolboy legend, was selected&#160;No. 2 overall by the New Jersey Nets in last month's NBA draft.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Richard Howell, who represents Anderson, said the contract forbids&#160;disclosure of financial terms or length. However, industry officials said&#160;after the draft that Anderson would probably receive a shoe contract for&#160;about $ 400,000 a year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We're obviously very pleased with it," Howell said. "You'll be&#160;seeing him on some ads."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">As for Anderson's playing contract, Howell said he has had one&#160;"philosophical" meeting with Nets officials and has another meeting&#160;scheduled within the next two weeks.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">February 10, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_163"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=164>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">407 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 19, 1991, Tuesday,</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">DAILY EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Third-qurarter earnings jump at sneaker-maker </span><span class="c8">Nike</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Financial Times of London And Financial Post news services</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SECTION 2, INVESTMENT AND FINANCE; Pg. 16, INTERNATIONAL COMPANY REPORTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">95 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; The U.S.'S largest marketer of athletic shoes, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc.,<br/> reported third-quarter earnings jumped 12%.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The Oregon-based company, whose earnings were restrained by advertising and interest costs, earned US$70.7 million (C$81.7 million) in the quarter ended Feb. 28, or US93 cents a share, up from US$63.1 million, or US83 cents a share, a year earlier.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> However, the company said selling and administrative costs as a proportion of sales rose to 22.7% from 19.9% last year, reflecting advertising expense for the launch of several new products.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 6, 1997</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">NEWS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Financial Post Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_164"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=165>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">409 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Marketing News TM</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">January</span><span class="c2"> 21, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">PUSH fails in boycott of </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> shoes</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">by Howard Schlossberg, Senior staff writer</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Pg. 1</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">699 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">With record sales and retail orders, dominant market share, and one of the top consumer awareness levels of any company anywhere, does </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> have to worry about Operation PUSH?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In a word, no.  "They've had no impact on our sales.  They've had no impact on our marketing," said Liz Dolan, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> communications director in Beaverton, Ore.  In this case, the "no-impact" action is the boycott of the athletic footwear firm's products that the Chicago-based black rights' group called for back in August.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It was PUSH's way of protesting what it says is </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> poor performance in reinvesting in the black community, when blacks are the source of so much of its revenue.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has flatly refuted the charges on all fronts, and even counter-attacked by demanding that PUSH open its books.  Negotiations between the company and the civil rights group subsequently broke down.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I have no idea what's going on there," said Dolan.  "They have not announced what they're going to do."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">What Operation PUSH didn't do is return phone calls, repeatedly, from </span><span class="c17">Marketing News</span><span class="c2">.  However PUSH operators have stopped saying, "Say no to </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">," when they answer calls.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I don't think we understand completely what their motivation is," Dolan added, although she said that Reebok, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> strongest competitor, was in some sort of complicity with PUSH, as evidenced by a series of meetings between them and a Reebok ad in a PUSH publication.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Reebok has denied this charge.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">At the heart of the dispute is PUSH's claim that some 30% of </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> sales come from the black community.  In line with that, PUSH says </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> reinvestment in the black community is woefully out of line.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> responds that its sales are more in the neighborhood of 15% to blacks, that more than 15% of its hirings last year were minority group members, and some 7% of its employees are black.  The firm also boasts a line of famous athletic endorsers, including basketball's Michael Jordan.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"They know how hard we've worked" toward equal opportunity, Dolan said.  "We are the largest minority employer in Oregon."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> already is an equal opportunity company," concurred securities analyst Alice Ruth of San Francisco-based Montgomery Securities, who follows the industry.  "[PUSH is] barking up the wrong tree."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Ruth went so far as to say that, at the outset of the boycott call, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> actually may have received a sales boost.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I heard about kids going into stores and deliberately asking for </span><span class="c4">Nikes</span><span class="c2">," she said.  "Initially, [the boycott] may have had some pro-</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> reaction.  Their sales may be impacted by the economy, not by Operation PUSH."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Ethnic experts that </span><span class="c17">Marketing News</span><span class="c2"> talked to lined up with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I don't necessarily like someone coming up to me and telling me how to invest my money," said Nathan Pope, principal of NPC &amp; Associates in Landover, Md., the state's largest black-owned ad agency.  His only caution, though, was that </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> management, "as sound and good businessmen, should know where their dollars are coming from."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"In many instances, there's an over-reaction," said Jerome Williams, marketing professor at Penn State in University Park, Pa.  "I buy a lot of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> products.  I do a lot of running.  I think [</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> does] a good job.  But what are the responsibilities that go along with that transaction?"</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">However, human resources consultant John Work, of the New York firm by the same name, said, "I don't like those kinds of marketing efforts . . . that black people are only worthy of athletic activity and not intellectual activity.  It says, Get these shoes and you can be like Michael Jordan.' It would seem to me that some of these basketball shoes are fast becoming ethnic products."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Meanwhile, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> keeps rolling, recession and boycott notwithstanding.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"This idea we should negotiate something is questionable," said Dolan.  "Negotiate what?  We have never disagreed with Operation PUSH on basic goals of equal opportunity and affirmative action.  We disagree with them on how to go about making these changes."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"[PUSH is] mandating equal opportunity," Montgomery's Ruth stated, pointing out what she sees as a fault in PUSH's stance and adding, "</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has integrity."</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 American Marketing Association</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_165"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=166>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">410 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 9, 1991, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> launches ads with kicker</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Martha T. Moore</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">MONEY; Pg. 1B</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">330 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> After seven years, Michael Jordan led the Chicago Bulls to their first NBA championship - and no one is happier than Mars Blackmon, the basketball-crazy fan of Spike Lee's </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> commercials.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> latest humorous, celebrity-packed pitch, which debuts tonight during baseball's All-Star Game, has Mars at the NBA finals at Chicago Stadium, asking his perennial question, ''Is it the shoes?'' In the ad's kicker, A.C. Green of the defeated Los Angeles Lakers, grimly concedes, ''It had to be the shoes.'' Another version shows actress Dyan Cannon, one of the Lakers' famous fans, woefully agreeing.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> bought four minutes of ad time during the All-Star game to kick off a $ 35 million ''Air'' campaign that features its biggest stars: basketball stars Jordan, David Robinson and Charles Barkley, tennis star Andre Agassi, and multi-sport star Bo Jackson.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The athletes all have appeared in their own series of ads, but ''We wanted to have a link,'' says Tom Clark, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> marketing director. ''It's not a real heavy-handed link. ... It says, these are the best shoes by the best athletes.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The series, by agency Wieden &amp; Kennedy, includes the return of Bo Jackson in his first </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> ad since the hip injury that put his athletic career on hold and, as a result, raised questions about his endorsement career.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''Everybody knows what Bo's status is,'' Clark says. ''You could do an ad not addressing it, but by addressing it you connect more with the sports fan, who wants to know what's going on with Bo.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Other Air series ads, like the Jordan spots, provide a one-two celebrity punch. In an ad to run during the U.S. Open, a TV screen shows Agassi hitting the ball with such force that the TV rockets across the room. One vicious swat jars the TV's channel to a flash of Julia Child's cooking show, with the chef holding up an artichoke. Bo's ad ends with boxer George Forman jumping into the production number - and </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> promises more surprise endings to come.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_166"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=167>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">413 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 2, 1991, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">THE MEDIA BUSINESS;<br/>Next, 'Bo Knows' About Rehabilitation</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By STUART ELLIOTT</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section D; Page 7; Column 1; Financial Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">411 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Add rehabilitation to the long list of skills that </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. boasts Bo knows.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In new television commercials that begin next Tuesday, during CBS's telecast of the baseball All-Star Game, the nation's leading athletic shoe marketer will present the third annual installment in its "Bo knows" advertising series that has become as popular with ad-award committees as it is with sneaker-buying consumers.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The story line for the new spots, called the "Bo Show," centers on the football injury suffered by Mr. Jackson that forced his release by the Kansas City Royals baseball team. That is yet another unexpected move by Wieden &amp; Kennedy, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> iconoclastic ad agency in Portland, Ore., since many in the ad community predicted that Mr. Jackson's injury would end his </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> pitchman chores.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"There's an opportunity in everything," Scott Bedbury, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> advertising director, said yesterday. "If anybody can make a comeback, it's Bo." The first "Bo knows" spot, in 1989, focused on Mr. Jackson's purported proficiency on guitar, while last year's boasted of his abilities in unexpected sports like auto racing.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The first of the new spots shows Mr. Jackson attempting a new career as a song-and-dance man, only to quit in mid-warble. "This is ridiculous," he tells a bevy of chorines dressed in football and baseball costumes who seem to be spoofing Ray Charles's Diet Pepsi "Uh-huh" campaign.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mr. Jackson literally walks out of the commercial, by climbing out of a television set and into a family's living room, on his way to rehab. As he lifts weights and swims, attempting to get back in shape to join his new baseball team, the Chicago White Sox, he is interrupted by the chorines. When he refuses to rejoin them, the song-and-dance resumes with the boxer George Foreman -- another athlete on the comeback trail -- in Mr. Jackson's place.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> plans other "Bo show" spots later this summer, one featuring Wayne Gretzy of the Los Angeles Kings hockey team and another featuring baseball and football players: Jerry Rice (San Francisco 49ers), Darryl Strawberry (Los Angeles Dodgers), Randall Cunningham (Philadephia Eagles) and Eric Davis (Cincinnati Reds).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Also during the All-Star Game, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> plans to show new spots with the tennis star Andre Agassi; David Robinson of the San Antonio Spurs of the National Basketball Association, and the film director Spike Lee as Mars Blackmon, the ultimate fan of Michael Jordan of the N.B.A.'s Chicago Bulls.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">July 2, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Photo: The first in a series of new "Bo knows" television commercials created by Wieden &amp; Kennedy for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> athletic shoes has Bo Jackson trying out a new career as a song-and-dance man, surrounded by dancers wearing Chicago White Sox and L.A. Raiders uniforms. (</span><span class="c4">Nike)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_167"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=168>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">416 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">May</span><span class="c2"> 22, 1991, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">NEW DUTIES</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 1C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">240 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. named Georgetown basketball coach John Thompson to its board of directors. Operation PUSH launched a boycott of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> last year because of what it said was </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> poor record of minority employment and business dealings with black-run companies.</span><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>&#160;<br/></span><span class="c2"> MSL FINALS: The San Diego Sockers defeated the Cleveland Crunch 6-1 Tuesday night for a 3-2 lead in the best-of-seven Major Soccer League finals. Game 6 will be Thursday night in San Diego.<br/>&#160;<br/> MAKING WAY FOR GEORGE?: Managing partner Robert Nederlander told the New York Times Tuesday that he wouldn't block an attempt by New York Yankees owner George Steinbrenner to regain control of the team. ''... If George made a deal with the commissioner to come back, I'd have no problem leaving,'' he said. Nederlander said the job is enormously time-consuming.<br/>&#160;<br/> TIME TO VOTE: Hall of Famers Hank Aaron and Rod Carew will be honorary captains for the All-Star Game July 9 at Toronto's SkyDome, Major League Baseball said Tuesday. The first position-by-position fan voting results will be announced June 3-4. (National League ballot, 5C)<br/>&#160;<br/> JOHNSON APPEALS: NASCAR race team owner Junior Johnson Tuesday appealed his 12-week suspension from Winston Cup competition for having an oversize engine Sunday at The Winston at Charlotte. Johnson said the infraction was accidental. A three-man committee is expected to rule on the appeal today.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Compiled by Jack Carey</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Sportsline</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_168"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=169>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">417 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">August</span><span class="c2"> 7, 1992 Friday</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>Early Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">NO FREE PUBLICITY FOR </span><span class="c8">NIKE</span><span class="c7"> AS STARS BOW OUT; <br/>OLYMPIC EXTRA</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">ROY MASTERS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPECIAL SUPPLEMENT; Pg. 4</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">317 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">BARCELONA, Thursday: </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> lost another missile from its profeeeional armoury last night when speed sensation Michael Johnson failed to reach the final of the 200m.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Johnson, 25, shocked the athletics world when he finished equal sixth in his semi-final in a time of 20.78s.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, who invested millions in the Dan and Dave show, (decathletes Dan O'Brien and Dave Johnson, the former not competing and the latter runing 11th), will be severly blunted by Michael Johnson's failure.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The semi-final was won by Namibia's Frank Fredericks in 20.14s. Fredericks was the furlong sprinter who brought Johnson's amazing 41-race winning streak to an end in June.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The 200m final lost another class act when the 100m Olympic champion, Britain's Lindford Christie, came fifth in 20.38s.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">His semi-final was won by the US's Mike Marsh, who set a new Olympic record of 19.73s.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Marsh's said: "I think it's posible to set a world record in the final."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Australia's Melinda Gainsford said after her seventh place finish in a semi-final of the 200m: "Those glamour girls like (Gwen) Torrence and(Merlene) Ottey don't talk to little Aussies. But one day they will."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Gainsford ran 23.02s in a semi won by Torrence in 21.72s. Ottey won the second semi.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Gainsford's comments were refreshingly honest after the glamour girls paraded thmeselves on the brick red tarmac at Montjuic stadium suddenly finding tissues in bodysuits that seemingly only had room for bodies.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">After her semi, Gainford said: "I'm stuffed. The humidity was tough but I have no excuses.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Going through to the semi finals gave me a professional outlook and will help in the years to come."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Great Britain's Sally Gunnell backed up to win the major prize in the 400m hurdles last night. The US's Sandra Farmer-Patrick won the silver medal in 53.69.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Gail Devers, the Olympic 100m champion easily won her heat of the 100m hurdles in 12.76, placing her on target for a double gold.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">July 21, 2007</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Illus: Decathlon leader Paul Meier of Germany.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">PUBLICATION-TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Newspaper</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd<br/>All Rights Reserved</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_169"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=170>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">421 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 14, 1992, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Canadians told they're not being targeted by Basques</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">CP-AP</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. C4</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">410 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Canada's 500-strong contingent to the Olympic Games in Barcelona that starts next week have been assured they won't be deliberate targets of the Basque separatist guerrillas.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The ETA (Basque Homeland and Freedom) has killed about 750 people in a 23-year campaign for an independent Basque state, 20 of them in gun and bomb attacks this year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But RCMP Chief Superintendent Lowell Thomas told an athletes' briefing in Toronto on Monday: "The Spanish police have indicated to me that the Canadian contingent will not be subjected to any direct hits."</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Lowell, the RCMP liaison officer with the Olympic team, spent a week in Barcelona in April and worked with his Spanish counterparts.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I am satisfied with the security arrangements that have been made to protect the athletes and they have now all been briefed on how to make their stay in Barcelona safe."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He stressed to the team members to keep away from any suspicious-looking parcels as the terrorists have been notorious for their bomb attacks.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Barcelona is normally patrolled by 2,000 policemen, but the security force will number 40,000 for the Games. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. said Monday its trademark problem in Spain won't affect the ability of national teams to wear </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">-produced uniforms in the Olympic Games.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Despite repeated press reports that link our trademark case to Olympic uniforms, there is no connection legally," said Lindsay Stewart, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> vice-president and corporate counsel.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He said the uniforms bearing the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> logo comply with International Olympic Committee regulations that restrict advertising.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"The courts in Spain have ruled that we may not sell apparel or advertise apparel in their country until our trademark case is decided," Stewart said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We will do neither during the Olympics. The courts in Spain have made no ruling that bears on Olympic uniforms, which are the private property of the national team members who wear them."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Spain's Constitutional Court last week refused to lift a lower court order prohibiting </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> from promoting its clothes in Spain, arousing speculation that police would strip the offending symbol off the clothes of arriving athletes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The court held a Barcelona company first registered the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> trademark in 1932.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Juan Amigo, a Barcelona lawyer, bought the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> name from the original registrant, who briefly made socks during the 1930s.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Amigo is said to have has asked </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> for $ 30 million for rights to the brand.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">July 15, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 CanWest Interactive, a division of<br/>CanWest Global Communications Corp.<br/>All Rights Reserved</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_170"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=171>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">422 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">November</span><span class="c2"> 20, 1992, Friday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Owning a likeness</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 1C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">57 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Michael Jordan, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> sports apparel company and the NBA have resolved - in principle - the issue of ownership of Jordan's likeness for merchandising purposes. The league has retained the right to market Jordan's likeness, but NBA deputy commissioner Russell Granik said the parties are ''finding a way to live together and prosper.''</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">PHOTO, color, Robert Hanshiro, USA TODAY<br/>&#160;<br/>CUTLINE: MICHAEL JORDAN: Clears the air with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and NBA.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_171"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=172>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">423 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 17, 1992, Tuesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">NATIONAL EARNINGS </span><span class="c8">Nike</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">John Headbusiness; earnings</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS; Section C; Page 7</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">64 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">The athletic shoe and apparel marketer </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. said Monday its earnings rose 17 percent in the third quarter, helped by strong international sales.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> net income for the three-month period ended Feb. 29 was $ 82.5 million, or $ 1.08 a share, up from $ 70.7 million, or 93 cents a share, in the same period last year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sales increased to $ 886 million from $ 802.2 million.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">March 18, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_172"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=173>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">424 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">February</span><span class="c2"> 4, 1992, Tuesday, INTERNATIONAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">RECYCLED SNEAKERS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">MONEY; Pg. 10B</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">351 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., the largest U.S. maker of athletic shoes, said it plans to manufacture a new line of ''outdoor fitness'' shoes whose soles are partly made from recycled shoes. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> said it invented a process of grinding athletic shoes into a powder and mixing the material into rubber used for new shoes' outer soles.<br/>&#160;<br/>STEEL SETTLEMENT: A last-minute pay deal in the German steel sector averts a potentially damaging strike but economists said it could set a precedent for high-cost agreements in the current round of wage talks. The 6.4% package agreed by the IG Metall union was at the upper end of what will be acceptable for 1992.</span><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>&#160;<br/></span><span class="c2">HIGHER PROFITS: Rhone-Poulenc Rorer Inc. said its profits for the 1991 final quarter and the full year rose. The pharmaceuticals giant said profits for the quarter ending Dec. 31 totaled $ 124.2 million, up 39% from a year earlier. For the year, net income totaled $ 326.1 million, more than double the $ 145 million made a year ago.<br/>&#160;<br/>JOINT VENTURE: Finland's national airline Finnair and Aeroflot St Petersburg, part of the former Soviet Union's national carrier, have agreed to set up a joint airline based in St Petersburg. Under the agreement, Finnair would lease McDonnell Douglas DC-9 aircraft and would train Aeroflot crews to operate them. It was not decided when the airline would begin operations.<br/>&#160;<br/>RUSSIAN DEBT: Russia's ability to service its share of the former Soviet Union's foreign debt will depend on the success of new foreign exchange regulations, Western bankers in Moscow said. Shortage of currency and the reluctance of other republics in the Commonwealth of Independent States to transfer funds to Russia mean the Commonwealth has struggled to repay $ 70 billion.<br/>&#160;<br/>AID FOR ADS: McDonald's got $ 465,000 from the U.S. Agriculture Department last year to promote Chicken McNuggets to customers around the world. The company is among dozens of corporate giants that have collected money under the USDA Market Promotion Program to find new overseas markets for U.S. products, The Associated Press said.<br/>Compiled by Darren Summers</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Moneyline</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_173"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=174>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">430 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">WALL STREET JOURNAL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">November</span><span class="c2"> 11, 1992, Wednesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">NIKE</span><span class="c7"> PRESIDENT SOLD $2 MILLION OF STOCK LAST MONTH, ABOUT 8% OF HIS HOLDINGS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">BY GEORGETTE JASEN</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section C; Page 14, Column 5</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">41 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><br/><p class="c6"><span class="c2">Inside Track column notes Securities &amp; Exchange Commission filings for insider trading show </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc president Richard K Donahue sold almost $2 million of his firm's stock last month, which is 8% of his holdings (S)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2"> WSJ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company: Abstracts</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_174"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=175>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">433 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">September</span><span class="c2"> 10, 1991, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Converse's Connors made run in </span><span class="c8">Nikes</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Michael Hiestand</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 7C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">357 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Jimmy Connors' run in the U.S. Open had an unusual footnote: He must actually believe that if the shoe fits, wear it.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Connors has a shoe endorsement deal with Converse that runs through 1993. The company plans to give him his own shoe in a new line due in the fall of 1992.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But in reaching the Open semifinals, Connors wore all-white </span><span class="c4">Nikes.</span><span class="c2"> ''It wasn't a business relationship,'' says </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> Liz Dolan, who says Connors was outfitted in July. ''He's just a guy who needed good shoes.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Converse, publicly, isn't concerned. ''We're just glad he played well,'' says spokeswoman Kathy Button. ''And he had our socks on.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Connors' agent Ray Benton doesn't see a problem. ''It was just a short- term thing,'' says Benton. ''He was just testing some other (shoes).''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">When it comes to consumers, however, the shoe might be on the other foot. According to a leading national survey by Video Storyboard Tests Inc., 54% of consumers say celebrity endorsers are ''just doing it for the money.'' The survey claims just 15% say celebrity plugs might make them more interested in a product.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Connors' latest venture: Pepsi TV ads.<br/>&#160;<br/> GLOBALL: Nostalgic for the way things used to be? Consider the World Basketball League's ball, which teachers could use to explain pre-Industrial Revolution life.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Memphis-based league, which uses players under 6-5 and plays teams outside North America, wanted a trademark ball that looked good on TV and could be sold to fans.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Given the WBL's international flavor, a leather ball that looked like a globe was an obvious aesthetic - if not practical - choice. But major manufacturers refused the job, citing production costs. Finally, entrepreneur Rich Ledenican of Windsor, Colo., agreed to handmake them in his garage.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Prototypes suffered from continental drift - and some player reluctance. ''One player turned to a ref,'' says WBL Commissioner Steve Ehrhart, ''and said Africa came off.'' Another player tried to hide the globe ball before tip-off.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The WBL now says the ball is OK - and on sale for $ 150. But don't hold your breath for your order: Each ball takes about eight hours to produce.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">PHOTO; b/w<br/>&#160;<br/>CUTLINE: GLOBE TROTTING: The WBL says new globe ball is OK now.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">SPORTS BUSINESS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_175"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=176>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">436 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 20, 1991, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">THE MEDIA BUSINESS: ADVERTISING;<br/>Does Bo, Hurt, Know as Much?</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By KIM FOLTZ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section D; Page 1; Column 3; Financial Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">833 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Bo Jackson's commercials created the impression that "Bo knows" the ins and outs of almost everything, especially sports. Now that the versatile athlete has been sidelined by a hip injury, one thing Bo does not know for sure is how much it will hurt his lucrative endorsement career.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jackson had parlayed his prowess in professional baseball and football into a high-profile job as a spokesman for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> athletic shoes, earning him at least $2 million a year. The popular "Bo Knows" commercials played off Jackson's talents as both a star running back for the Los Angeles Raiders and an outfielder for the Kansas City Royals. In the commercials, he seemed the perfect pitchman for the company's cross-training shoes, which are cloth and leather sneakers designed for more than one sport.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Jackson's ads, in large part, helped </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. to overtake Reebok International as the leader in the athletic shoe industry.<br/>&#160;<br/>Led to Other Endorsements</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> His fame in the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> commercials, created by Weiden &amp; Kennedy, a Portland, Ore., agency, also helped win him jobs as a spokesman for A.T.&amp; T. and Pepsico's Mountain Dew drink, which used a "Bo Knows" theme as well.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But on Monday, the Royals released Jackson because of a slow-healing injury to his left hip that he suffered while playing football in January. Doctors say they do not yet know whether complications from the injury will keep him from playing for any team the rest of the year, or permanently.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sports marketing consultants said his attractiveness to some advertisers could be severely damaged, if not destroyed, if he is never able to play again. "It certainly does not make sense for sporting goods companies to use an injured sports celebrity," said David Burns, president of Burns Sports Celebrity Service in Chicago, a consulting service for ad agencies seeking sports celebrity endorsements. "The calls may simply stop coming in."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">For the moment, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is standing by Jackson. Liz Dolan, a company spokeswoman, said his injury, though serious, would probably not have a long-term effect on his relationship with </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> should he recover. "This is unfortunate," she said, "but we'll wait for him to come back."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">While </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> reluctance to abandon Jackson is not surprising, the company does not have to rely on him alone. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has a stable of celebrities, including Michael Jordan of the Chicago Bulls in the National Basketball Association and John McEnroe, the tennis star. In addition, Ms. Dolan said, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is always looking for young athletes on the verge of stardom.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> stock fell as much as $3.75 yesterday before closing at $45.75, down $1.75, but the decline may have had little to do with the company's advertising prospects. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> said analysts had lowered their estimates for its fourth-quarter earnings. The shares had fallen $2.50 each on Monday.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Ms. Dolan said </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> had just started work on its 1991 ad campaign, which will begin in July. She said that although no decision had been made, it was possible Jackson might be used in a humorous "Bo Knows Rehab" strategy for the cross-training shoes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Even if he had not been injured, Jackson would have been less prominent in the coming campaign, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> said. Ms. Dolan said </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> planned to emphasize its basketball and outdoor cross-training shoes in the campaign and would use other sports celebrities. The company's previous campaign had concentrated on its sports cross-training shoes and had prominently featured Jackson.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">If Jackson does recover, but can play only one sport, probably baseball, consultants said he would still be able to do commercials. But his appeal would be limited, they said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Bo's advantage came from playing in two sports and appearing in sports stories most of the year," said Marty Blackman, a partner at Blackman &amp; Raber, a sports marketing and promotions consulting firm. "With a lot of the glitter gone, his fees would certainly be reduced."</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Consultants said his endorsement fees, which by some estimates total about $5 million a year, could be cut by more than half if he is limited to just one sport.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Some consultants said Jackson might have a hard time rounding up endorsements if he is never able to play any sport again. That would be because his career has been short; he has played professional football and baseball in the same year for four years.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"He didn't play long enough to become an established sports personality," Mr. Blackman said. "You have to become a champion like Joe Namath to have cachet once your sports career is over."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But even as a retired athlete, Jackson might be attractive to some advertisers who want to reach children. Lloyd Kolmer, the president of Lloyd Kolmer Enterprises, another consulting firm that helps match celebrities with advertisers, said Jackson was likely to continue to appeal to young people.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"It's a hero's story," Mr. Kolmer said. "Children look up to him, not just because of sports, but because of his anti-drug and stay-in-school commercials."</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">NAME: </span><span class="c2">Bo Jackson</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">March 20, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Photo: Bo Jackson's hip injury threatens his double career in athletics, but it is unclear how seriously it will affect his lucrative product endorsements. Jackson, right, appeared with the blues musician Bo Diddley in a commercial created by Weiden &amp; Kennedy for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> athletic shoes. (</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc.)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_176"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=177>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">439 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">October</span><span class="c2"> 10, 1992, Saturday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> may foot bill for Deion's odyssey</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Len Pasquarelli STAFF WRITERatlanta/falcons; football; atlanta/braves; personnel; travel; costs</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Section D; Page 3</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">457 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Deion Sanders Double Duty Tour has apparently enlisted the aid of a corporate sponsor that will allow Atlanta's dual-sports star to avoid personally footing the $ 8,300 tab to participate in games for the Braves and Falcons on Sunday.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A spokesman for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> would not confirm Friday whether the athletic footwear and apparel manufacturer will underwrite the cost of a charter jet from Pittsburgh to Miami and back again. But it is believed </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has become a major player in Sanders's excellent adventure.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sanders signed a three-year, $ 3 million endorsement deal with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> in June. His attorney, Eugene Parker, said Friday that "a third party," which he declined to identify, was aiding his client "with logistics and other considerations."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I've checked on our corporate jet, and it's being used that day, although not for Deion," said </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> public relations manager Dusty Kidd. "So if we're doing this for him, it's probably by charter."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Falcons management and Braves manager Bobby Cox all but confirmed Friday that Sanders will be in Miami. The plan is for Sanders to leave Pittsburgh late Saturday night after Game 4 of the National League Championship Series, play for the Falcons in the 1 p.m. game Sunday at Miami and return for a possible Game 5 against the Pirates at 8:30 Sunday night.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Falcons officials, who remain noncommittal about Sanders's status for Sunday's game against the Dolphins, said they were told </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> was involved in securing transportation. The trip, which will originate from Pittsburgh's Allegheny County Airport rather than the more congested Greater Pittsburgh Airport, will also include at least two helicoptor rides.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Parker said Friday that Sanders had not finalized his decision. "He's still considering all the factors," said Parker, who likely will accompany Sanders on his odyssey.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Staff writer I.J. Rosenberg also contributed to his report.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">ROSTER REVISIONS: As anticipated, the Falcons have placed wide receiver Tony Jones (ankle) on the four-week injured reserve list. The club used its first of five allotted moves to activate wide receiver James Milling from injured reserve. A four-year veteran, Milling has been on IR since the beginning of the regular season with a severe ankle sprain. . . . The Dolphins signed free agent cornerback Stephen Braggs to replace the injured Chris Green (knee).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">THUMBS UP: Falcons offensive linemen have adopted the Mike Utley Foundation as their charity project this year and earlier this week posed for a picture wearing "Thumbs Up" T-shirts honoring the former Detroit guard, who was paralyzed last season. The T-shirts will be marketed later in the year, and the Falcons linemen will have an autograph session at a date and time to be announced.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">October 15, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH922890057</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Photo: mug of Deion Sanders</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_177"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=178>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">440 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">WALL STREET JOURNAL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">December</span><span class="c2"> 20, 1991, Friday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">AD NOTES</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section B; Page 4, Column 2</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">40 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><br/><p class="c6"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc is ordered to stop advertising its Side 1 women's apparel line after federal judge in Los Angeles grants preliminary injunction to Sideout Sport; Sideout is suing </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> seeking $10 million in damages for trademark infringement (S)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2"> WSJ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company: Abstracts</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_178"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=179>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">444 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Independent (London)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">May</span><span class="c2"> 7, 1991, Tuesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">How </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> got a run for no money at the Science Museum; Does commerce taint academic integrity? Mary Greene looks at a display of training shoes that has led to controversy</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By MARY GREENE</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">LIVING PAGE; Page 14&#160;</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">978 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c4">NIKE</span><span class="c2"> shoes are having a good run at the Science Museum: on display are state-of-the-art trainers, pounds 89.99 on the high streets, the biggest draw for adolescent shoplifters and the kind of shoe kids get mugged for. The museum is not actually selling the shoes, but it has lent its name and given space to an exhibition devised by </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> as a tie-in to a pounds 1.7m television advertising campaign for its new Air 180 shoe.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Strapped for cash, the museum is not trying to make a splash with the name of a commercial sponsor, however, even though it will have to drop plans for a new gallery of medicine if it fails to raise pounds 1m by the end of the year. Sports professionals may sign lucrative contracts to endorse one manufacturer's gear, but the museum is doing it for nothing.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Caroline Kay, head of external affairs for the Association for Business Sponsorship of the Arts, described the arrangement as: ''Utterly astonishing. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> must be laughing all the way to the ringing cash tills. Museums can't live in the markets part of the time and in cloud-cuckoo-land the rest, imagining they are totally pure because they haven't accepted money. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is getting a great deal of commercial benefit out of this association: the museum should be selling its own excellence rather than giving it away for free.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It is not the first time that the Science Museum has run into criticism for generous product displays. Its permanent ''Food for Thought'' gallery has been slated for its reconstructions of a Sainsbury supermarket and a McDonald's burger bar. Over the road, the Victoria and Albert Museum was criticised for its exhibitions of Sock Shop designer tights and Burberry raincoats.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Science Museum approached </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> with the idea for the ''Running on Air'' exhibition. The argument is that it is interesting, scientifically valid and relevant to the visitor who doesn't make a habit of going to museums. This is true: 12-year-old boys, several wearing </span><span class="c4">Nikes</span><span class="c2"> of their own, were measuring their feet against their sports heros' shoes last week - Frank Bruno size 12, Ian Rush a dainty 71 2 - and guessing their high street prices. ''The public never pass comment on the level of branding. I think they would complain if it were unacceptable,'' said Caroline Nolan, the museum's public relations officer. This could be because the public thinks museum exhibitions are independent creations.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The general visitor would be hard put to gather that ''Running on Air'' is </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> show rather than the Science Museum's, when hoardings express the museum's gratitude to the company for its support rather than vice-versa. But </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is quite clear that it sees the exhibition as scientific endorsement of its brand image as more than a fashion shoe. ''It positions us as a serious brand,'' said </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> marketing services manager, Simon Taylor. ''We tried to get the exhibition up and running the day the new shoe hit the stores and we manned the stand for the first few weeks''. He could have been talking about a stand at a trade fair.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''When an art gallery shows an exhibition of a living artist, that is a kind of endorsement and it has an effect on market values of the work,'' said Helen Rees, director of the Design Museum. But relations with manufacturing industry pose particular problems for museums of applied arts and sciences - relying on manufacturers as they must for contributions to their collections and up-to-date information from the front line. ''Make it an exhibition of sports shoes and people hop up and down,'' said Neil Cossons, the Science Museum's director. ''But was the museum endorsing Rolls-Royce jet engines in a previous exhibition? That was a product-related exhibition by a single manufacturer and I find it curious that people draw a distinction.'' Perhaps the distinction is that children are not in the market for jet engines. If there are controls against product endorsement by children's television, why not by national museums?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">If museums bring in exhibitions designed by outside - and interested - parties, perhaps they should make a clearer distinction between ''museum space'' and ''private space''. It is an option the V &amp; A will consider next year when new display areas become available at the end of their ''Japan in Perspective'' exhibition. ''If we have a major exhibition sponsor manufacturing products that are relevant to our collections, we could show additional material - perhaps from their archives - making it quite clear that it is not part of the exhibition itself,'' said Sally Mason, the V &amp; A development director.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Those who argue that sponsors may try to assert control over an exhibition are probably mistaken. Patrick Greene, director of the Greater Manchester Museum of Science and Industry, where British Nuclear Fuels gave pounds 73,000 to a new energy gallery, stressed that it was not until the last minute that BNFL asked for details of what would be on display. In the event, it disagreed with some of the contents - such as a picture of a bovine Chernobyl victim that came from a Soviet newsagency. The cow stayed: ''We stressed from the start that it was the museum's exhibition. BNFL would not have dreamt of interfering,'' said Dr Greene.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The greater danger could be self-censorship with a museum inclined to tone down aspects of an exhibition that might upset a sponsor. ''Self-censorship is definitely a danger and any museum needs to be aware of it, but another danger is under-valuing what a museum has to offer,'' Dr Greene said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Surely one of a museum's most valuable assets is its reputation for academic integrity untainted by commerce - the reputation that makes business want to associate with museums in the first place. Perhaps the Science Museum should ask itself whether it is selling itself cheap to the shoe industry.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">'Running on Air' is on until 10 May.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Independent Print Ltd</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_179"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=180>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">446 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 31, 1992, Friday, 1* EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Shoe manufacturers race for profits</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">ELIZABETH AIRD; VANSUN</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2"> DIARY; Pg. A2</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">717 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> WOULDN'T want to rain on the Olympic flame or anything, but here's some news about running shoes that doesn't exactly square with </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> sensitive-new-age image.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A story in the August issue of Harper's Magazine takes a look at the paycheque of an Indonesian woman named Sadisah. She works in an independent factory that makes shoes for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sadisah works six days a week, ten and a half hours a day, for the equivalent of $ 37.46 US a month, or about 14 cents an hour. That's less than the Indonesian government's figure for "minimum physical need."</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Her wage lets her rent a shanty with no electricity or running water.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A pair of </span><span class="c4">Nikes</span><span class="c2"> worth 80 bucks US costs about 12 cents in labor.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Michael Jordan reportedly gets $ 20 million to endorse </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, which is the sponsor of the U.S. track and field team. It would take Sadisah 44,492 years to earn that.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Reebok, the official footwear sponsor of the Olympics, and No. 2 in the world marketplace to </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, makes its shoes in a lot of the same countries as the Just Do It giant.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">On Thursday, Reebok's Bernadette Mansur wouldn't say what the labor adds up to for every pair of her company's shoes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"All the wages in our factories are above minimum wage," said Mansur, who is vice-president of communications at Reebok's head office near Boston.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">She said every factory fills out questionnaires about wages, working conditions and time off, and they're inspected constantly.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We would never get into a manufacturing circumstance where the values or the working conditions in that factory did not meet with Reebok values."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">*</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jackhammers. Lawnmowers. Boom boxes. Ah, the sounds of summer.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">No. 1 crazy-making noise for Vancouver people, hands down, is construction. The city's health department gets twice as many calls complaining about building noise than any other kind of noise.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Brian Johnston keeps track of this, because he's the health department's noise abatement officer. "You gotta find out what's bothering the people."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Next on the list is music, from houses, bars and cars.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A big up-and-comer is lawn and garden equipment. Johnston gets a lot of calls about weedeaters, and even more about leafblowers.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The health department just lowered the acceptable decibel levels of power equipment from 87 to 77. In January 1994, it'll drop to 74.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Just so you know what the numbers mean, if you were 25 feet away from a gas lawnmower, you'd be getting about 87 decibels of noise. Between 70 and 80 decibels, you'd be hearing a fairly quiet vacuum cleaner or a hairdryer.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Johnston says he's never had any really weird noise complaints - "nothing from a UFO" - but he does hear a lot about birds.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He doesn't have any noise problems of his own.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Noise hasn't bothered me really, but if you do sort of glom onto something, it can really become a problem," Johnston said. "We see people becoming hysterical, and they have to go under a doctor's care."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">His examples of the kind of noise that makes people lose it? Big air conditioners and hot tub filters. "It's continuous, and it can really drive a person batty."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">*</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">And while we're talking noise . . . .</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">We've finally nailed car alarms and boom cars. Hey, how about motorcycles?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The high-pitched kind that sound like a chainsaw crossed with a killer mosquito. Or the low, growly ones whose sonic booms bounce back at us from every wall.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Nothing ruins the peace of a summer day like some dork doing a James Dean shtik, burning rubber and busting eardrums as he (or she?) leaves the bike in low gear and revs up the motor.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"It's just one more frustration society heaps on us," says Bob Halabourda, acting inspector in the Vancouver police department's traffic section.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Halabourda knows noise. Traffic cops get so much it, they get their hearing tested once a year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">So, what can you do if you decide you've heard your last screaming engine?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Not a whole lot. "You can certainly complain, but an officer actually has to catch them committing the offense," says Halabourda.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The police can haul over any driver making too much noise. Only problem is, bikers get pretty quiet when they spot a cop in the rearview.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"When I'm out for a walk at lunchtime, I see it all the time," says Halabourda. "Funny, when I'm out riding, it doesn't seem to happen."</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">August 1, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 CanWest Interactive, a division of<br/>CanWest Global Communications Corp.<br/>All Rights Reserved</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_180"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=181>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">447 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">May</span><span class="c2"> 8, 1992, Friday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Jennings faces stiff </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> competition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Dick Patrick</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 2C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">205 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Lynn Jennings missed earning a $ 25,000 bonus by two seconds and breaking a time barrier by three at last year's </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Women's Race in Washington, D.C. She had to settle for a world record for 8 kilometers (4.97 miles) of 25: 02.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''I made a mistake,'' says Jennings, defending her title Sunday against a field with world 10,000-meter champ Liz McColgan of Scotland and 1990 winner Judi St. Hilaire.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">''I saw the halfway split and thought we were way over pace. I forgot the 'last mile' isn't a full mile.  We floated in the middle.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jennings doesn't anticipate any floating Sunday, especially with McColgan and another $ 25,000 bonus by Clairol.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jennings has won the last three world cross country titles. McColgan was third in 1991, four months after childbirth, and 41st last March in Boston, attributing the disappointing finish to overtraining.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''It could be a real donnybrook,'' says Jennings, fifth in the World 10,000. ''I think the 25-minute barrier will go. I've raced Liz many times, but I've beaten her just twice. She's probably the greatest distance runner in the world right now.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''I wouldn't read too much relevance into this. There's a big difference from the roads in May to the track in August.''</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Sportstalk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_181"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=182>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">450 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">June</span><span class="c2"> 11, 1992, Thursday, Final Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">NOTEBOOK;<br/>Jordan: Shoe Success Was 'Stumbled Upon'</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">David Aldridge, Washington Post Staff Writer</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; PAGE D8</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">521 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">PORTLAND, Ore., June 10, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">It is rather an amazing story, the explosion of the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoe company as it tied itself to Michael Jordan's star during the 1980s. And since </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> worldwide headquarters is in Beaverton, some 25 minutes away, this has been something of a triumphant trip for Jordan.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Success isn't something you seek; it's something you stumble upon," Jordan said before tonight's NBA Finals Game 4 between his Chicago Bulls and the Portland Trail Blazers.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"It's something we stumbled upon. We didn't know it was going to happen. It's worked out unbelievably. The relationship has improved into probably one of the best relationships I've had with a corporate" sponsor.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Some have chastised Jordan for his role with a product prominently marketed toward minority youth that often can't afford the price tag.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jordan says that </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has tried to keep costs down as much as possible, and that it's equally important to produce a shoe of high quality.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"You have a connection with that product," he said. "It's something that, if it wasn't for you, I don't know if it would be there. I don't abuse that in that I'll hold it over your head or somebody else's. I feel good about it inside, but I won't force it out where it looks like I'm an egotistical person. I'm proud of it, but I don't wear it on my shirt." Dancing With Wolves</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Portland's Cliff Robinson has been getting a lot of flak for his "Uncle Cliffy" video dance, which would have been of dubious quality if released in mid-January, much less during the finals.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Add the fact that Robinson has shot 33 percent during the finals, including Sunday's two of 11, and you wonder if there was a typographical error on the video. Like, Uncle Stiffy.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I need to try to get some easy baskets," Robinson said, "or try to make a nice defensive play to get myself going." . . .</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Some Bulls were trying a little psychology, claiming all the pressure was on the homestanding Trail Blazers and not the visitors.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"For some reason, we seem to be more focused on the road," Horace Grant said. "We live like a family. We go to movies together, we go to the mall, we eat together, we talk on the phone and go to each other's rooms. . . . It's like a sanctuary on the road."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Portland's Clyde Drexler begged to differ. "When you're at home, it's a definite advantage," he said. "I don't buy that." Bulling Ahead</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Scott Williams has wrestled his way to the top of Chicago's bench chart, averaging better than 22 minutes per game as Bill Cartwright's center backup in the first three games.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It's a welcome lift for Williams, the second-year center who was playing 11 minutes a game during the regular season. He had to listen to the continuing charge that Jordan, a fellow North Carolina Tar Heel, had used clout to get another UNCer on the team.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I never thought it would be any tougher" because of the rumors, Williams said. "I thought about it a couple of times . . . but I wasn't guaranteed a roster spot. Everyone was fighting for a job, and I think I showed them I had the skills."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Meanwhile Will Perdue has disappeared behind him, getting into only two of the three games, for nine minutes.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SERIES: </span><span class="c2">Occasional</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">NATIONAL NEWS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_182"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=183>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">452 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 19, 1992, Thursday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Fatal attraction?</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Tom Walker</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS; Section B; Page 3</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">169 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sex sells. Why not death?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">As unlikely as it sounds, the Grim Reaper is becoming a pitchman, says Forbes (March 30).</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">Market researchers say they detect a note of gloom in the land that may be induced by more than just the recession, a mood that makes consumers receptive to the carpe diem, or "seize the day," message.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Cunard ran an ad for its Queen Elizabeth 2 cruise last year with the headline, "Life is short." It scored well. </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> the maker of athletic shoes, did Cunard one better.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> print ad shows an attractive nude, accompanied by this message: "Yes, this is a goddess, but you are not a goddess, and you aren't ever going to be a goddess so maybe you should get used to it. You'll never be perfect (sorry) and you're not worshiped (usually) and does this matter? No."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Obviously, the message is that you ought to jog in </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> running shoes to preserve whatever looks you have left. According to Forbes, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> got 45,000 calls praising the ad - the most responses to any of its campaigns.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">March 20, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_183"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=184>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">456 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 30, 1992, Thursday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Might </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> men rebuff Reebok</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">David Dupree</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BONUS; Pg. 8E</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">183 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">BARCELONA</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> As the men's team nears the gold, the flap over having to wear a Reebok uniform on the victory stand continues.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Six of the 12 U.S. players are under contract to </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and don't want to wear anything advertising Reebok.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Michael Jordan is considering not taking part in the medal ceremony.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''I'm not sure what I'm going to do,'' he said Wednesday.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Reebok is an official supplier to the USOC and paid to have all U.S. Olympians wear Reebok suits on the award stand.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Part of the code of conduct all athletes signed says they will wear USOC- designated attire. Jordan said he ''X'd'' out that clause before signing.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''As long as we win the gold medal, that's all that matters to me,'' he said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''I've been on the stand before. I know what it means. Once they give me the gold medal I'm fine, no matter how. What they're doing is like saying you have to pick someone over your own father. I can't do that. I have too much loyalty. I've made my concerns known to the Olympic committee.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mike Moran of the USOC said anyone not wearing the Reebok uniform ''won't get on the award stand.''</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">'92 SUMMER OLYMPICS BONUS SECTION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_184"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=185>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">457 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">May</span><span class="c2"> 13, 1991, Monday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">LIFE; </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> ads are a shoo-in</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">FEATURES; SECTION B; PAGE 03</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">375 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">The shoemaker </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. nosed out fragrance maker Calvin Klein as&#160;the sponsor of the most popular print advertising campaign of 1990,&#160;according to a consumer survey of 24,000 people released Sunday by Video&#160;Storyboard Tests Inc.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> print ads last year included a campaign that featured&#160;basketball star Michael Jordan and filmmaker Spike Lee.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The remaining Top 10, in order, were: Camel cigarettes, Revlon,&#160;Absolut vodka, Infiniti cars, Marlboro cigarettes, Guess apparel, Ford&#160;automobiles and trucks and Maybelline cosmetics.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">BAT DANGER: Lots of children get hurt batting in baseball each year,&#160;and a Roanoke, Va., woman is doing something about it.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Lorine S. Caveness 14 years ago founded Home Safe Face Guards to&#160;make plastic shields to protect the batter's face from a pitched ball.&#160;She began developing the guard in 1968 for her son. The guard attaches to&#160;the sides of a standard batting helmet, covering the chin to the tip of&#160;the nose. The eyes are exposed, but a guard keeps the ball from them.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Consumer Product Safety Commission estimates that 5,500 baseball-&#160;related eye injuries were treated in hospital emergency rooms in 1989.&#160;Another study found 42,000 facial injuries each year in amateur baseball,&#160;with 18,000 for players age 5 to 18.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Nationally, Little League and Dixie Youth Baseball require helmets&#160;but not masks. However, Little League officials in Marietta, Ga., do&#160;require face masks. One coach, Richard Hilton, described the face mask as&#160;"the best piece of safety equipment in Little League" since the helmet.&#160;The guards cost $ 13 each. A wire face guard made by Schutt Manufacturing&#160;of Litchfield, Ill., is available at sports stores.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">CAT DANGER: One in five sick cats has one of two deadly diseases,&#160;feline leukemia or a more recently identified virus similar to AIDS in&#160;humans, according to a new study. IDEXX Corp. of Portland, Ore., surveyed&#160;1,500 veterinary clinics in the United States and covered 27,000 sick&#160;cats. The study showed that 7.4 percent of the cats suffered from feline&#160;immunodeficiency virus, or FIV, and 13.3 percent suffered from feline&#160;leukemia, a similar disease that also suppresses the ability of cats to&#160;fight off disease.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Compiled from wire reports</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">February 10, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Photo: A player using a baseball face guard</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_185"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=186>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">459 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Daily Mail (London)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 7, 1992, Tuesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">&#163;20m Olympics threat to </span><span class="c8">Nike</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Pg. 10</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">174 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> MADRID: A trademark for a now defunct brand of socks could cost a top sports firm a fortune.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Spanish courts have forbidden American athletes to wear </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> uniforms during the Olympics because its name belongs to a lawyer who bought it from the sockmakers. Lawyer Juan Amigo wants more than &#163;20million for the 1932 trademark.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> which had hoped for sales worth at least &#163;15million in Spain during the Games, will appeal.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 4, 1993</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">English</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">PUB-TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Paper</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Associated Newspapers Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_186"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=187>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">460 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Daily Mail (London)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 7, 1992, Tuesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">&#163;20m Olympics threat to </span><span class="c8">Nike</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Pg. 10</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">73 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> MADRID: A trademark for a now defunct brand of socks could cost a top sports firm a fortune.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Spanish courts have forbidden American athletes to wear </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> uniforms during the Olympics because its name belongs to a lawyer who bought it from the sockmakers. Lawyer Juan Amigo wants more than &#163;20million for the 1932 trademark.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> which had hoped for sales worth at least &#163;15million in Spain during the Games, will appeal.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 4, 1993</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">English</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">PUB-TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Paper</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Associated Newspapers Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_187"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=188>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">465 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">WALL STREET JOURNAL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">April</span><span class="c2"> 12, 1991, Friday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">REEBOK UNIT ALLEGES </span><span class="c8">NIKE</span><span class="c7"> INC. INFRINGED ON SHOE-SOLE PATENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section B; Page 3, Column 4</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">23 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><br/><p class="c6"><span class="c2">Reebok International Ltd's Avia Group International sues </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc for allegedly infringing on patents for shoe sole construction (S)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2"> WSJ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company: Abstracts</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_188"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=189>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">468 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">St. Petersburg Times (Florida)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 11, 1992, Wednesday, City Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">What the big-league feet are wearing</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">JON WEST</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; DO IT YOURSELF; Pg. 2C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">468 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A stylish low-cut leather tennie with a hard plastic sole and metal spikes is the favored footwear of millionaires everywhere.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Really. In Florida. During spring training. On a baseball diamond near you.</span><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>&#160;<br/></span><span class="c2">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;And if you stare at the ground long enough, the colorful blurs on the feet of your favorite players will take on their own distinct personalities.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Notice the name brands. </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> Mizuno, Adidas. Then there's the style (high top, low top) and the cleat type (metal, plastic, turf).<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Color is uniform.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;"Each team has its own color and the players have to wear that shoe," said Jeff Ross, who minds the footwear and other locker room fashionables as equipment manager of the Toronto Blue Jays.  "Everyone wears different brands, but it has to be the team color."<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;"Basically, most of the players use metal spikes, even on turf," says Ross, a 15-year veteran of major-league clubhouses. "Only a small percentage use the multi-purpose plastic cleat."<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Like basketball, which succumbed in the late '80s to the black-clad feet of Michael "Air" Jordan, fashion has finally invaded America's national pastime.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;"The high-tops started off as an ankle-support shoe but now its become a fashion thing," said Ross. "We're seeing more and more of them."<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; But beauty is only skin deep. The true value of a shoe lies in its comfort and purpose.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;"The turf one is more of a shoe for shagging fly balls, jogging," said Ross. "It's more cushioning, especially on the knees. Some outfielders will use the turf shoe in the outfield on turf and switch to&#160; the spikes when they bat."<br/><br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;Metal spikes are as much a part of baseball as tobacco stains on dugout floors and slow home-run trots. And while the molded plastic cleat is easier on the legs, the gripping and tracking abilities of spikes make them the most worn shoes in The Show.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;"It's just something they (players) have been using throughout their careers. They're comfortable with them," Ross said of metal spikes. "Plus, if you slide into second or third, a guy is gonna think twice about blocking the bag if you're wearing metal spikes. It used to be a bigger deal in the old days, but there are certain players now who see you wearing plastic cleats and will block the base."<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Ross says pitchers seem more particular about what they wear on their feet. While a position player might go through 20 pairs of shoes a season, about two pairs a year is tops for pitchers.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;"Some guys will wear a pair of shoes until they're full of holes and ripping off their feet," Ross said, "while others will get rid of a pair of shoes if they have a bad outing."<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Ahhhhh . . . the agony of da feet.<br/> JON WEST<br/></span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 4, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, V. Jane Windsor; Meet the cleats: The </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air Show, the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air Slam and the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air Slider</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Times Publishing Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_189"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=190>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">471 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 1, 1991, Monday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">SIDELINES: No Tents at This Summer Camp;<br/>Mornings Are For Motivation</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By GERALD ESKENAZI</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section C; Page 2; Column 3; Sports Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">195 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">The </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> summer camp for high school basketball players, with its lofty ideals stressing education, has moved after eight years from Princeton, N.J., to Indianapolis. It got a better deal.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">CINDY HORR of the Center for Visitors and Conference Seminars at Princeton said: "We liked having them. But they got a fantastic deal in Indianapolis, with business people getting behind them and underwriting the cost."</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Over the years the camp, which runs for a week in July, attracted the country's top basketball players who had at least a year of high school remaining. Such players as ALONZO MOURNING of Georgetown and KENNY ANDERSON of Georgia Tech and now the Nets were once </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> campers.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Most of the players attending were academically troubled. In 1989, more than half the 124 students tested were reading at or below the eighth-grade level. More than a third couldn't read above a fifth-grade level.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">That was a major reason why classes were held in the morning, and motivational speakers, like SPIKE LEE , MUHAMMAD ALI and GEORGE STEINBRENNER , addressed the athletes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The camp also attracted college scouts. They were there for the afternoon workouts.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">July 1, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_190"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=191>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">474 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">November</span><span class="c2"> 18, 1992, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">SAGA OF THE 40,000 UNSINKABLE SHOES</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Robin McKie 1992, London Observer Service</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">NEWS; Pg. 1A</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">475 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">COOS BAY, ORE.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A flotilla of up to 40,000 </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoes has been slowly bobbing around the Pacific Ocean since the spring of 1990.  News that these sartorial requisites have met a watery fate may dismay the youth of the West. But it has brought joy to Oregon's beachcombers, who have been making a fortune reselling the shoes which, surprisingly, have survived their immersion with surprising resilience.  In another benevolent spinoff, the data provided by plotting the progress of the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> flotsam has allowed oceanographers to test several complex theories about the detailed mechanics of Pacific currents.  "It has been a real bonus to our work," said Dr. James Ingraham, of the National Marine Fisheries Service.  The story began on May 27, 1990, when a storm struck the freighter Hansa Carrier, which was en route to the United States from South Korea. The ship survived, but its shipment of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> gym shoes was washed overboard. Not a sole was saved.  The incident was forgotten until November of that year, when </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoes began appearing along the shores of Oregon. Large hiking boots, high-tops and other styles began to bob landward, at first in ones and twos, then in scores, eventually in the thousands. To the incredulity of locals, the beaches were swamped with multicolored shoes.  Within weeks, this well-heeled landing army had created a thriving new local economy. Beachcombers held swap-meets at which they exchanged right and left shoes, to be then resold in pairs.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">"I got my pair for $20," said Ingraham. "That's about a quarter of the price I would have paid in a store. Admittedly, they had spent a year sloshing about the Pacific, but after I'd worn them a couple of times, they loosened up and are quite comfortable now." The fact that their shoes were still wearable after many months' battering by storms and water would suggest that </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> products have weather-proof qualities that could well be marketed. However, this has not been seized upon.  "We contacted </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> but they didn't want to know," said Ingraham. "Maybe a beachcomber's recommendation is not quite the testimony that </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> was seeking." Maybe not, but the longevity of the shoes has been a real boon for Ingraham who, with colleague Curtis Ebbesmeyer, began studying the shoes' oceanographic meanderings. They used the data to produce a long paper for Transactions of the American Geophysical Union, a journal.  They report that many of the shoes appeared farther south than would normally have been expected for flotsam borne by the tropical Pacific currents that head north to Alaska.  Now, as the currents have swept back out to sea from Oregon, the shoes have been heading south and east, and already some have appeared on the shores of Hawaii.  "The next stop is Japan," added Ingraham. "After that, they will start on their second circle of the Pacific Ocean."</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">October 12, 1993</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">English</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_191"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=192>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">475 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 7, 1992, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">HOME OWNERSHIP</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Donna Rosato</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">MONEY; Pg. 1B</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">474 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The U.S. home-ownership rate has stabilized after falling in the early 1980s, the Census Bureau says. After rising steadily from 1940 to 1980, the home-ownership rate dropped from 65.6% of households in 1980 to 63.9% in 1989.  But a Census study, ''Housing in America: 1989-90,'' found that the decline came before 1985 and the ownership rate since has been stable. The Census Bureau attributed the drop in the 1980s to a larger number of young adults staying single. That's still true, but more older people now are marrying and are more likely to buy a home, stabilizing the ownership rate. The study also found that not all people who wanted to buy a home could. In 1988, 57% of all households couldn't afford a median-price home in the area where they lived.</span><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>&#160;<br/></span><span class="c2"> LTV BID WITHDRAWN: The French group Thomson-CSF withdrew its bid for the missile division of steelmaker LTV, Reuter reports, citing unnamed industry sources. The withdrawal followed U.S. opposition to the purchase on national security grounds. LTV had planned to sell the division to Thomson for $ 450 million as part of a plan to emerge from bankruptcy-court protection.<br/>&#160;<br/> FEDS SEIZE HOMEFED: Federal regulators seized San Diego-based HomeFed Bank, the nation's eighth-largest thrift. The Office of Thrift Supervision blamed Congress for not funding a program intended to save taxpayer money by finding buyers for insolvent thrifts without government seizures. HomeFed is the largest thrift ever transferred to the Resolution Trust Corp., which is in charge of selling assets of failed thrifts. HomeFed's 206 branch offices in California will be open as usual today.<br/>&#160;<br/></span><span class="c4">NIKE</span><span class="c2"> NAME IN SPAIN: </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> which has paid millions of dollars to put its name on the U.S. track and field team's uniforms at the Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain, says it is appealing a Spanish court ruling that bars the advertising or sale of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> apparel in Spain. Spain's Constitutional Court last week upheld a lower court's order barring the sports company from using the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> name on clothing because a Spanish firm registered the trademark in 1932. </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> whose shoes are not affected by the ruling, planned to use the Olympics to launch a line of sports clothes. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> says it could lose $ 20 million in sales in Spain and much more worldwide if the ruling stands.<br/>&#160;<br/>TREASURY AUCTION: Interest rates on six-month Treasury bills fell in Monday's auction to the lowest level in 29 years while the rate on three- month bills fell to a 20-year low. The Treasury Department sold $ 11.7 billion in six-month bills at an average discount rate of 3.32%, down from 3.66% at last week's auction and the lowest rate since July 8, 1963. Another $ 11.7 billion was sold in three-month bills at an average discount rate of 3.23%, down from 3.59% and the lowest rate since Feb. 18, 1972.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Moneyline</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_192"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=193>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">479 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">September</span><span class="c2"> 17, 1991, TUESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">ILLINOIS ACQUISITION FIRST OF AMERICA BUYS S&amp;L FROM RTC</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS; Pg. 11B</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">742 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">First of America Bank Corp. has bought about $150 million in assets of an Illinois thrift from the Resolution Trust Corp.  The bank holding company's subsidiary of Northeast Illinois closed the $8 million deal to acquire $135 million in insured deposits and certain assets of Waukegan-based Home Federal Savings Bank F.A.  Home Federal's six offices have been in government conservatorship since Dec.  14, 1990.  The RTC is the government agency responsible for selling the assets of failed savings and loans.  AP NATIONAL AIRLINES United, American Offer Coast Sale The nation's two largest airlines, American and United, said Monday that they had matched a half-price sale begun by Trans World Airlines on tickets for people flying from coast to coast this fall.  Fares from St. Louis to either coast will be unaffected by the promotion, TWA said.  Under the sale, passengers have until Thursday to buy tickets from several cities in the New York and Washington-Baltimore areas to several cities in the Los Angeles and San Francisco areas, for $198 round trip in most cases, the lowest price in years. Travel is good through Dec. 15, with five days around the Thanksgiving holiday unavailable, but the tickets are non-refundable.  AP ADVERTISING Mazda Reportedly In Time Warner Deal Mazda Motor of America Inc. has signed a three-year advertising deal with Time Warner Inc. that will involve magazines, books and television programs, a published report said Monday.  The trade journal Advertising Age said the deal could be worth as much as $96 million over the three years and will be built around the theme ''The meaning of life.''</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">Mazda and Time Warner officials declined comment.  Ad Age said Mazda will buy space in Time Warner's magazines, which include Time, People, Sports Illustrated, Money, Fortune and Entertainent.  AP ATHLETIC WEAR </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Has Record Profits In 1st Quarter </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., the worldwide athlet ic footwear and apparel maker, said Monday earnings in its fiscal first quarter jumped 15 percent to a record high, but it warned that the second quarter may not have as much bounce.  Beaverton, Ore.,-based </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> said it made a profit of $114.4 million in the quarter that ended Aug. 31, up from $99.7 million a year ago.  The news sent </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> share up a brisk $2.75 to $50.875 on the New York Stock Exchange.  </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> said it is the first company in the sports field to chalk up a profit of more than $100 million in a quarter.  Reuters ALLSTATE INSURANCE Auto Insurer Pulling Out Of New Jersey Allstate Insurance Co., one of the largest insurers in New Jersey, announced Monday it intends to withdraw all property and casualty business from the state.  Ed Young, the company's group vice president of auto insurance, attributed the decision to what he called the high cost of operating an auto insurance business in New Jersey.  Young said that in 1990 Allstate lost $72 million on auto insurance in New Jersey, resulting in a $24 million total loss to the company on property and casualty insurance state-wide.  AP INTERNATIONAL CAMPEAU Protection From Creditors Sought Campeau Corp. said Monday it will seek protection from its creditors in court, and will sell its flagship building in Toronto and settle all claims against it by Olympia &amp; York Developments Ltd. as part of a final restructuring plan.  The company plans to seek a court order under the Companies' Creditors Arrangement Act - an Ontario law that protects companies from their creditors - before the end of October, said a Campeau spokesman.  Olympia &amp; York, owned by Toronto's Reichmann family, is owed about $541 million in secured Campeau debt, debt tied to certain projects, and privately and publicly held debentures.  Reuters HANSON PLC Beazer Agrees To $600 Million Merger Construction company Beazer PLC, battered by recession and burdened by debt, has agreed to be acquired by the conglomerate Hanson PLC for $608 million, the companies said Monday.  Together, the companies will be better poised to develop their construction businesses when the economy recovers, their top executives said. Hanson already has considerable interests in the building industry.  Beazer will postpone plans to sell off its European operations. Just last week, the company had detailed plans to spin off those operations for what analysts expected would be at least $606 million.  Beazer said at the time it wanted to concentrate on its U.S. businesses in 30 states.  AP</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">October 14, 1993</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">English</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_193"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=194>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">481 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">WALL STREET JOURNAL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 20, 1991, Wednesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">BO BREAKS, AND </span><span class="c8">NIKE</span><span class="c7"> SCRAMBLES TO ASSESS DAMAGE TO CAMPAIGN</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">BY JOANNE LIPMAN</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section B; Page 3, Column 1</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">67 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><br/><p class="c6"><span class="c2">After Kansas Royals baseball team stunned sports fans by releasing injured Bo Jackson, advertisers who use him in campaigns are scrambling to make changes; </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> which made football-baseball star celebrity with its 'Bo Knows' campaign, says it is debating whether to use him in new ads; Jackson's plight is harsh reminder of dangers advertisers face by aligning themselves closely with athlete (M)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2"> WSJ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company: Abstracts</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_194"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=195>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">482 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Globe and Mail (Canada)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 16, 1992 Thursday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">SPORT IN BRIEF   </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> gets help</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">GAM</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">84 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Spanish government has vowed to help </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. in the trademark<br/>dispute threatening to make a shambles of the company's multimillion-<br/>dollar Olympic ad campaign, officials said yesterday. In a letter sent<br/>this week to the European Commission, Spanish officials promised to ask a<br/>Barcelona judge to allow </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> to post bond in the case. That arrangement<br/>would allow the Beaverton, Ore., company to sell and advertise its sports<br/>apparel in Spain while awaiting a final court decision in the trademark<br/>conflict.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">January 9, 2007</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">PUBLICATION-TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Newspaper</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.<br/>All Rights Reserved</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_195"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=196>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">486 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">June</span><span class="c2"> 2, 1991, Sunday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">SOCCER NOTES; Carithers leads Gladiators to title in </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> tourney</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Stan Awtrey Sports editorsoccer; competition; results</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">EXTRA; SECTION J; PAGE 06</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">402 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Chad Carithers scored 16 goals to lead the Gladiators to first place&#160;in the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> under-19 indoor tournament last week at The Soccer Academy in&#160;Lilburn. The Gladiators defeated Phoenix 9-0 in the championship game.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"This was our best tournament in the seven years of the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">," said&#160;Steve Keiss, tournament director. "We had no ejections, all games were&#160;played in the proper spirit, and fans, players and officials all had a&#160;tremendous time."</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Most Valuable Player was Troy Wood of the Steamers '75, whose&#160;team was eliminated 4-2 in the semifinals by the Gladiators. Steve Brandt&#160;of Chelsea Villa, which lost 3-0 in the semifinals to Phoenix, was named&#160;Best Defender. John Brown of Chelsea Villa was voted Most Sportsmanlike.&#160;Michael Rachael of Phoenix and Mark Albertus of the Gladiators were voted&#160;Best Goalkeepers.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The 17-team tournament was divided into three divisions. Each&#160;division played a round-robin format to decide who reached the playoff&#160;round. The top two teams in each division and the next two teams with the&#160;best record qualified.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In the quarterfinals: Phoenix beat the Grasshoppers 4-3; Chelsea&#160;Villa beat the Homeless Millionaires 6-3; the Gladiators topped the&#160;Yellow Bellies 10-2; and the Steamers downed the Smart Wunz 6-2. . . .</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Two local women's teams lost in the Region III finals in Charleston,&#160;S.C., last week. In the over-30 division, Poco Loco of Texas defeated the&#160;Atlanta Breeze 6-5 on penalty kicks. In the open division, North Texas&#160;defeated Soccer Warehouse 5-1. . . .</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The under-12 Brookwood Steamers lost to the Gadsden, Ala., Hawks in&#160;a tournament played at Canterbury Park in Kennesaw. The game was tied 1-1&#160;and the Steamers lost on the fifth penalty kick. . . .</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Express, the local team competing in the Sunbelt&#160;Independent Soccer League, is in third place in the Southeast Division&#160;after a 4-3 victory over the Atlanta Quicksilver. David Smith, an Atlanta&#160;Attack player, got the winning goal - his second of the game.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Other Express goals came from Richard Taylor and Selby Neese. The&#160;Quicksilver got goals from Scott Smith, Tracy Crouch and Gilberto&#160;Ramirez.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Express (1-2) trails undefeated Memphis and Arkansas (3-0) in&#160;outdoors play. The Express has added Greg Sheen of the Attack and Mark&#160;Gailey, the starting goalkeeper for the University of North Carolina.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The two teams meet three more times this season.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">February 10, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_196"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=197>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">488 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">February</span><span class="c2"> 3, 1991, Sunday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">MUSIC;<br/>Chopin Meets the Slam Dunk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By James R. Oestreich</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section 2; Page 23; Column 1; Arts &amp; Leisure Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">276 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">If, for whatever cockeyed reason, you wanted to cast a classical musician alongside a professional athlete in a sneaker commercial, you might find a likely candidate or two. But you would find a host of unlikely ones, and among the very least plausible would be the pianist Rudolf Firkusny.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Reserved and patrician in his bearing and in his playing, Mr. Firkusny, who lives in New York but was born in Napajedla, Moravia (now part of Czechoslovakia), in 1912, is the epitome of old-world grace and gentility. "I am not very much in the sport world," Mr. Firkusny said recently.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Yet there he is on television with David Robinson of the San Antonio Spurs, playing Chopin and, uh, basketball in a commercial for </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span><span class="c2"> The idea came from James Riswold, an admirer of Mr. Firkusny's piano-playing and a copywriter for the advertising agency Weiden &amp; Kennedy, based in Portland, Ore. Mr. Riswold's work in other </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> commercials has received wide acclaim.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Though Mr. Firkusny took part only in the final day of shooting, he said the process of repeated takes was exhausting, much as in a recording session. "For the first time I realized that it's not such an easy life to be a movie actor," he added. But there were rewards. He reported gleefully that he made one basket -- a feat, alas, not shown in the commercial.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">And now Mr. Firkusny revels in a new-found fame. "Everybody saw it somehow," he said. "My mailman told me he saw me on television. The druggist and my daughter's doctor saw it. That's the magic of television. I think it was good that for once serious music was put together with sports. Music needs all kinds of encouragement."<br/></span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">February 3, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Photo: A move by David Robinson, blurred, leaves Mr. Firkusny flat-footed. (The New York Times)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_197"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=198>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">491 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">August</span><span class="c2"> 5, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike,</span><span class="c7"> Adidas fear tariffs' effect on HK;<br/> Top shoemakers warn US</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">From MICHAEL CHUGANI in Washington</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Business; Pg. 1</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">730 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> TWO of the world's biggest suppliers of sports equipment - </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and Adidas - have warned the US Government that trade retaliation against China would seriously hurt their Hongkong operations.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, the world's largest producer of sports shoes, said if punitive tariffs were imposed the company would have to sharply raise prices or shut down its entire operation in China.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Such action would undermine its regional headquarters in Hongkong, where there would be thousands of job losses, the company said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has urged the United States Trade Representative to target China's state- run shoe factories instead of those operated by private enterprises.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Adidas, another industry giant, said all of its financing, purchases and shipping for Adidas merchandise manufactured in China was done through businesses in Hongkong, which would be hard hit by US trade retaliation.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> For example, a company such as Yue Yuen Industrial Ltd, the large sports shoe maker which listed on the Hongkong stock exchange in June, could see its business seriously wounded.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> As an original equipment manufacturer for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and Adidas, Yue Yuen employs 13,300 workers in its four mainland factories and nearly 200 supervisors, many from Hongkong, in operations that last year were 80 per cent devoted to the United States.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> But the powerful American Textile Manufacturers Institute (ATMI) has demanded that the US impose punitive tariffs on key Chinese exports to match dollar-for-dollar the losses suffered by the US from China's trade barriers.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The groups were responding to a call by the US Government for public comment on which Chinese goods to single out for retaliation should Beijing fail to accept American demands to lift trade barriers against US products.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Most of the 20 or so trade groups and companies that responded urged the Trade Representative's office to defuse the trade row by reaching a fair-trade agreement with Beijing instead of taking punitive action.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> They further urged that their products be left off the hit-list of Chinese goods should the talks fail and retaliation become necessary.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> US President George Bush has set an October 10 deadline for Beijing to sign a deal that would open up China's markets or face sharply higher tariffs against Chinese exports to the US.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Deputy Trade Representative Michael Moskow increased the pressure last month with an ultimatum that unless Beijing accepted all US demands during market access talks beginning on August 19 in Beijing the US would publish a tentative hit-list of Chinese goods.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> In responding to the trade office's call for public comment, ATMI said the US should target Chinese goods that made up the key parts of China's export trade and those considered as high priority items by Beijing.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The textile association added that the goods selected for punitive tariffs should be products China made exclusively for the US market - such as cotton towels, blankets and women's sweaters - so that China could not side-step punishment by exporting these products to other markets.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "Many of our member companies have long been victims of the unfair and illegal trade practices routinely carried out by China," the ATMI said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Crampton and Knowles, a top US dye company, accused China of widespread unfair trade by using trade barriers, employing prison labour and ignoring copyright.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> It urged the US to target goods that hurt China's economy most, including garments, footwear and toys.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> But the Hongkong General Chamber of Commerce warned that any damage to China's economy would affect Hongkong's economy.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "To make Hongkong an innocent victim is clearly a major injustice. There can be no winners in this," the chamber said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The Hongkong Toys Council warned the Trade Representative that retaliation against China would "critically threaten" the territory's toy manufacturers because 95 per cent of China's toy exports to the US were in fact produced by Hongkong firms on the mainland.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The Federation of Hongkong Industries urged US officials to exclude from the hit-list "those items which in your opinion might damage Hongkong industry if retaliation is necessary".</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The Hongkong Watch Manufacturers Association and the Hongkong Electronics Association also pleaded against retaliation, warning that such action could result in hundreds of thousands of job losses.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">October 28, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">PUB-TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Newspaper</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 South China Morning Post Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_198"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=199>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">492 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Herald Sun</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 14, 1992 Tuesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> uniforms get Olympic approval</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">182 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">TRADEMARK difficulties in Spain will not have any impact on the ability of national teams wearing </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">-provided uniforms to compete in the Olympic Games, the sports clothing company said today.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "Despite repeated press reports that link our trademark case to Olympic uniforms, there is no connection legally," said </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> vice-president and corporate counsel Lindsay Stewart.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "Uniforms that bear the logo of the company who made them comply with IOC regulations restricting advertising." "The courts in Spain have ruled that we may not sell apparel or advertise apparel in their country until our trademark case is decided.We will do neither during the Olympics.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "The courts in Spain have made no ruling that bears on Olympic uniforms, which are the private property of the national team members who wear them." </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> will provide the official national uniforms to the track and field teams of the United States, Nigeria, Algeria, Paraguay and the Bahamas.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The trademark case in Spain does not affect </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> footwear which will be worn by many leading athletes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> - PA</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> END OF STORY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 27, 2003</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2">DHS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Nationwide News Pty Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_199"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=200>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">493 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Herald (Glasgow)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 7, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> in court battle</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Pg. 4</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">77 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> MADRID: </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> which has paid millions to put its name on US track and field outfits at the Barcelona Olympics, is to fight a court decision that bars advertising or sale of its sportswear in Spain and which could cost the firm &#163;10m in Spanish sales alone. A constitutional court has refused to lift a lower court order prohibiting the Oregon-based companyfrom using the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> name on clothing because a Barcelona firm registered the trademark first in 1932.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">March 29, 1994</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">English</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">PUB-TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Paper</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Caledonian Newspapers Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_200"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=201>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">497 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Herald Sun</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">June</span><span class="c2"> 18, 1992 Thursday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">What's in a brand name?</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">89 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">SPAIN'S quirky trademark law is threatening to turn </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> sponsorship of the US Olympic track and field team into a multi-million dollar fiasco.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc is in the midst of an ugly legal battle with a Spanish lawyer who owns the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> name in Spain - registered 60 years ago by a Barcelona sock maker.And with the Olympics less than six weeks away and </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> planning to plaster its disputed name on US athletes' uniforms, the company and the lawyer, Juan Amigo Freixas, are playing a game of courtroom ollars.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> AP</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> END OF STORY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 27, 2003</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2">DHS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Nationwide News Pty Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_201"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=202>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">499 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Sunday Age (Melbourne, Australia)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">October</span><span class="c2"> 4, 1992 Sunday</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>Late Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Tennis greats with a spring in their instep</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Stephen Dabkowski</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">NEWS; Pg. 17</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">527 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">IN a sport dominated by money, John McEnroe and Andre Agassi will do an unusual thing at the National Tennis Centre today _ play an exhibition match for nothing. The reason is to promote their main sponsor, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, and announce its success in the Australian marketplace.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Later this year, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is expected to take over the mantle of market leader in the sports footwear industry from Reebok. The air sole is about to deflate the pump-action shoe.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In an industry conservatively valued at $500million a year, that is a big deal, and </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is not going to let us forget it.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Today's exhibition tennis match is the first in a series of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> promotions. Next in line will be its basketball wares, which may entail an Australian visit next year by the biggest superstar in the game _ Michael Jordan.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The company is among the top 10 television advertisers in the country, rivalling such traditional big spenders as Coca-Cola and McDonald's. Its formula has entailed using United States ads featuring Jordan, fellow basketballer Charles Barkley, Ukrainian pole vaulter Sergei Bubka and its "Just do it" jingle.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A survey of viewers' ad recognition during the Barcelona Olympics put </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> advertisements near the top.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The managing director of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Australia, Mr Tony Peddie, said the growth of the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> sports shoe in Australia followed the manufacturer's US success. "Our boom is product-created by the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> formula, of being able globally to franchise athletes to products, like Michael Jordan," he said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">One of his competitors, Mr Paul Moore, group director of sporting goods at Pacific Dunlop, which has the licence to sell Adidas sports shoes in Australia, agreed, saying that </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is flavor of the month.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"The sporting goods market in Australia is a fad market. You are very hot for a while, then something else comes up and knocks you off," he said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"The business is driven from American trends and what youth demands.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Kids aged 14 to 18 are controlling the market." Demand is also shaped by changes in technology. Reebok generated huge sales through the pump-action technology in the tongue of its runners.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In 1979, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> first developed its air sole. Now, through its AirJordan brand, it has matched it with Reebok in Australia. Adidas has tried to develop its own image through its torsion sole, also designed to reduce stress on the foot.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Analysts put </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> share of the sports footwear market at 27 per cent, slightly below Reebok but rising. Next in line is Adidas (the dominant player of the early 1980s) with about 16 per cent of the market, followed by Puma (about 10 per cent) and the rest.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mr Peddie said </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> aimed for the same success locally that it had in the US, where it has 33 per cent of the market. It had given itself 18 months to achieve that kind of dominance.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Today's challenge between McEnroe and Agassi is one of several exhibitions every year for which the players are contracted. Mr Peddie said: "This promotion is all about showing the flag for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">. It is the first big shot in our sports marketing efforts and clearly this sort of thing is going to happen in the future. In the future we need to do something with basketball, which is such a growing sport."</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">July 20, 2007</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">PUBLICATION-TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Newspaper</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Age Company Limited<br/>All Rights Reserved</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_202"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=203>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">501 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">November</span><span class="c2"> 18, 1992, Wednesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">BIZARRE BUZZ Tempers leaping at pairing of Frog and Frenchtownoddities</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">LIVING; Section E; Page 3</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">265 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">The St. Charles, Mo., City Council touched off a controversy when it agreed to designate part of the north end of the city as "Frog Town," the area's traditional nickname because it is, indeed, covered with frogs. But Lyndell Porterfield, the city attorney, pointed out that French people and their descendants consider the word "Frog" to be a derogatory reference to them.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">The neighborhood next to Frog Town is called Frenchtown.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">SOLE SURVIVORS: A flotilla of up to 40,000 </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> gym shoes have been slowly bobbing around the Pacific Ocean since the spring of 1990. A storm struck a freighter and washed overboard its shipment of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoes. Months later, the shoes began washing up on the shores of Oregon. The shoes survived the immersion with surprising resilience. And scientists following the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> armada's progress have learned more about Pacific currents. "It has been a real bonus to our work," said marine scientist James Ingraham.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">JAWS: A great white shark attacked a kayaker off California during the weekend. It was one of several encounters recorded in the past few days between human beings and sharks, prompting a warning to avoid the waters off Ano Nuevo State Reserve. Kayaker Ken Kelton was attacked by a large shark Saturday as he paddled his boat north of Santa Cruz. Although his boat was bitten, he was uninjured. Other shark sightings involved great whites biting a cod on a fisherman's line, attacking a seal and cruising near the surf line off Santa Cruz. Experts said the number of recent great white shark incidents is unusual.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">From our news services</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 24, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH923290111</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_203"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=204>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">502 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 20, 1991, Wednesday,</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">DAILY: NATIONAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Now investors know Bo's pain</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Jamie Wayne</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SECTION 4, INSIDE SPORT; Pg. 39</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">368 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Stockholders and baseball card investors don't know about Bo - and the uncertainty took a toll yesterday.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Shares of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., the Beaverton, Ore. athletic footwear giant for which baseball and football star Bo Jackson did the popular ''Bo Knows'' ad campaign, plunged US$3 3/4 in early trading on the New York Stock Exchange before rallying late in the day.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> stock closed down US$1 3/4 at US$45 3/4 after falling US$2 1/2 on Monday. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> dropped US$1 5/8 on Friday, when reports that Jackson's injury could be career-threatening began to receive widespread circulation.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The chance that the Los Angeles Raider running back and ex-Kansas City Royal outfielder may never play again has also prompted dumping of Jackson's baseball cards at big discounts, according to Jeff Kurowski, the baseball price guide co-ordinator for the respected Sports Collector's Digest</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> A 1986 Topps Traded card which was selling Monday for US$10 dropped to US$5 with news of Jackson's release by the Royals, he said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> ''A lot of large quantities of his cards are being dumped,'' Kurowski said. ''We haven't seen a lot of activity in his football cards yet. But I imagine it will be the same result.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> ''A lot of the value in Bo was built because he was in the national spotlight and the expectations in both sports were so high. Now it just might turn out to be unrealized potential.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> A Wall Street analyst says not all the blame for the stock's drop should be attributed to Jackson's injury. Heidi Steinberg of Salomon Bros. in New York said </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> earnings report, released Monday, showed ''expenses have increased, particularly selling expenses and interest costs.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> But Liz Dolan, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> vice-president of corporate communications, said she's puzzled by the drop in share price.''Earnings were up and the price goes down. But the stock market is very emotional; Bo's injury could have something to do with it.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Since Jackson became </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> most famous spokesman in 1988, sales of cross-trainers have grown to US$350 million (C$400 million). Bo's contract with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> runs through 1993.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Jackson was on crutches yesterday as he visited his former teammates in the Royals' clubhouse.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 6, 1997</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">NEWS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Financial Post Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_204"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=205>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">505 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Marketing News TM</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">May</span><span class="c2"> 11, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> pledges $ 5 million for CTW show</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">by Carrie Goerne, Assistant editor</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Pg. 16</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">515 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. is breaking into new territory by pledging $ 5 million to become the sole corporate sponsor of "Ghostwriter," a new children's show being produced by the Children's Television Workshop (CTW) for public TV.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">According to CTW, who also produces "Sesame Street" and "3-2-1 Contact," </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> contribution is the largest promotional grant ever given to a children's public TV project and the first PBS show underwritten by a sporting goods company.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The new "Ghostwriter" weekly prime-time series is aimed at children ages 7-10 with an emphasis on motivating kids to read and write.  "Ghostwriter" is scheduled to debut this fall on PBS and will be accompanied by an extensive multimedia outreach program.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">CTW describes the "Ghostwriter" show as "breakthrough children's programming" that tries to promote literacy by featuring hip, urban youngsters and a ghost who can only communicate through writing.  The show uses original music, funky animation, and celebrity guest stars to tell stories with cliff-hanger endings.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Accompanying the TV series will be 20 million copies of a magazine based on the show, a nationally syndicated newspaper column, and a promotion and publicity campaign coordinated with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The 15-second on-air credit for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> that will appear after every show was designed by advertising heavy hitter Wieden and Kennedy, with the theme "Exercise your head -- read."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> will have an advertorial page in each "Ghostwriter" magazine issue, sponsor recognition on other "Ghostwriter" material, and be able to use one of its very visible spokespeople to tout reading and the "Ghostwriter" project.  The company also plans to hold one or two national contests to encourage kids to read and write.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Although "Ghostwriter" is contributing a page of its magazine to </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, "it's not like an advertising page; they're just giving us some credit for being a $ 5 million dollar underwriter," said Virginia Henson, director of public affairs for Beaverton, Ore.-based </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Last year, the company sponsored a $ 5 million commercial literacy campaign that included spots featuring Michael Jordan and Spike Lee sitting in a classroom with a blackboard that read "Don't be stoopid, stay in school."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">This year, after "lengthy internal discussions . . . we decided if we were going to put all our eggs in one basket, this program was certainly one that merited [funding]," she said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Of the show's $ 20 million startup fund, reportedly half will be used to produce 40 episodes for next year, and the other half will be used for promotion and community outreach.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The "Ghostwriter" project funding is mainly a philanthropic effort by </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> for the community, Henson said, but she also expects to reap some marketing benefits.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"When you do these types of sponsorships you obviously engender goodwill, which, hopefully, transfers to consumer loyalty toward the product," she said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We're always positioning ourselves as having strong emotional ties with consumers," Henson said.  "For us.  this is exactly the type of emotional tie we like to have with the public."</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Photo, The new "Ghostwriter" series, produced by Children's Television Workshop, uses hip, urban kids to promote literacy.  </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. has already pledged $ 5 million to the show, making it the largest corporate sponsor of a children's public TV project., Photo by Frank Micelotta/CTW</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 American Marketing Association</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_205"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=206>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">506 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 31, 1992, Friday,</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">DAILY: NATIONAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Dream Team may boycott medal ceremony</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SECTION 4, INSIDE SPORT; Pg. 35, Olympic Notebook</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">156 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">Barcelona, Spain</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> American medal winners must wear Reebok outfits to the podium, the U.S. Olympic Committee says. But some members of the U.S. basketball team - notably Charles Barkley and Michael Jordan - say their contracts with other companies might force them to skip their expected gold medal ceremony.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> ''Us </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> guys are loyal to </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> because they pay us a lot of money,'' Barkley said. ''If Reebok or the USOC is going to be upset about four or five guys not wearing a suit, it's a joke. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> pays us a ton of money. I have two million reasons not to wear Reebok.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Scottie Pippen, Chris Mullin, John Stockton and David Robinson are other U.S. players under contract to </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Reebok has a contract with the USOC that all medal winners will wear the specially designed Reebok warmup suit after winning an Olympic medal. Money received from Reebok goes to pay thousands of athletes in training, USOC spokesman Mike Moran said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 6, 1997</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">COLUMN</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Financial Post Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_206"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=207>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">508 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 22, 1992, Sunday, Final Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Well, We All Shine...Shoes? Is There Any Song Madison Avenue Won't Steal?</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">Paul Farhi, Washington Post Staff Writer</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SUNDAY SHOW; PAGE G1</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">469 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Plucking another treasure from the baby boomer song book, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. has launched a new ad campaign featuring "Instant Karma," the John Lennon classic. And yes, that's Lennon, crooning from beyond the grave to help move a few more units of something called Air Huaraches.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Maybe turning John Lennon into a sneaker salesman is a tad craven, but by now it's old news. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, which licensed "Instant Karma" with Yoko Ono's permission, has been down this road before -- in 1987, when its use of the Beatles' "Revolution" in a commercial kicked up fan protests and a lawsuit from Paul McCartney. Advertisers have been grafting popular songs onto ad campaigns for so long that no one complains, even when Aretha Franklin transforms a song that wasn't hers, "Rescue Me," into "Deliver Me" for Pizza Hut.  So, as long as Madison Avenue insists on appropriating demographically correct tunes, we might as well be helpful. How about:</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">For Domino's, Lennon again: "Give Pizza a Chance."</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">For Crisco, George Harrison offers "My Sweet Lard."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">For Sealy mattresses, Bob Dylan sings "Lay Lady Lay" (alternates: Aerosmith's "Dream On," Lennon's "How Do You Sleep?").</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">More Dylan: for Goodyear, "The Tires They Are a-Changin' "; for International House of Pancakes, "You Gotta Serve Somebody"; and for Kleenex, "Blowin' in the Wind."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">For the Jenny Craig weight loss centers: Peter Frampton's "Baby, I Love Your Weigh."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">For Trojan-brand condoms, the 5th Dimension's "Up, Up and Away (In My Beautiful Balloon)." And, of course, the Foreigner medley: "Feels Like the First Time," "Hot Blooded" and "Urgent."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Foreigner again, for Mrs. Paul's fish sticks: "Hot Breaded."</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Dentu-Grip signs Paul Simon for "Slip Slidin' Away."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">For Right Guard and Secret: Lynyrd Skynyrd doing "That Smell" or J. Geils Band doing "Love Stinks."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> For Suzanne Somers's ThighMaster: Led Zeppelin's "Stairway to Heaven."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Root Boy Slim's "Boogie Till You Puke" for Dupont Stainmaster Carpet.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Linda Ronstadt for Isotoner: "When Will I Be Gloved?"</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Who, licensing division: for Greyhound, "Magic Bus"; for Stanley tools, "Won't Get Tooled Again"; for Bausch &amp; Lomb, "I Can See For Miles."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Curtis Mayfield's "Superfly" for any airline.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">BCCI and the NRA can fight over Warren Zevon's "Lawyers, Guns and Money."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Duraflame logs and Kingsford charcoal could bid for the rights to the Doors' "Light My Fire."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Clearasil and Roberta Flack team up for "The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Rolling Stones' "Tumbling Dice" for Harrah's casinos and resorts.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Eurythmics, for Marriott: "Suite Dreams Are Made of This."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">And Edwin Starr revives his career for Compound W: "Wart! Good God, ya'll, what is it good for? Absolutely nothin'!"</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Staff writers Vince Rinehart, Scott Patton and Richard Harrington contributed to this, uh, report.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SERIES: </span><span class="c2">Occasional</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">PHOTO, JOHN LENNON.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">FEATURE</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_207"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=208>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">512 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">December</span><span class="c2"> 2, 1992, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Criticism grows along with business</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Michael Hiestand</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 1C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">1057 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">BEAVERTON, ORE.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> For a company that says it's selling ''self- empowerment,'' </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> takes a lot of flak.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The harshest criticism: </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> isn't just latching onto sports, it's meddling in them.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Take CBS' broadcast of the National League playoffs, when announcer Sean McDonough suggested </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> endorser Deion Sanders played for baseball's Atlanta Braves and football's Atlanta Falcons because he let a reported $ 1 million </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> bonus for doing so ''take precedence'' over team allegiance.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Broadcast partner Tim McCarver's curt response: ''It shouldn't.''</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Then there's the flap that </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> chairman and founder Phil Knight says prompted ''more negative calls and letters than anything else'' - whether six </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Dream Teamers would wear Reebok-sponsored team outfits as they accepted their basketball gold medals at the Barcelona Olympics.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In his Japanese-style office in </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> John McEnroe Building, Knight, 53, has an answer for each charge. He says the company had ''no influence'' over Sanders' two-way play and that Sanders took </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> weekend shuttle ''because it had never been done before.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">And while </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> Michael Jordan settled on draping a U.S. flag over the Reebok logo at Barcelona, Knight bristles that the media reduced the issue to ''a sound bite'' of an athlete picking ''his company over his country.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A company that last year spent $ 223 million on advertising, according to Advertising Age, doesn't welcome such publicity. Still, Knight says Jordan was upset, ''and I'd be, too.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Upset, that is, because none of the Dream Teamers ''did it for the money'' and because Jordan was presented with the Reebok sponsorship as a done deal. .</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">And that's in violation of a basic </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> premise: The athlete is No. 1 - at least compared to everybody else in the sports world.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">That might be an unsettling concept to pro teams building fan loyalty meant to withstand lineup shuffles. Or to pro leagues, looking to move merchandise lines and TV rights as players come and go. Or to TV networks, trying to win ratings points with riveting replays, regardless of who's in focus.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The friction causes brush fires, such as the dispute about Jordan's successful request that the National Basketball Association stop selling official league merchandise bearing his likeness - gear that arguably competes with </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> Jordan lines, which include $ 23 Air Jordan infant crib booties.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''The NBA took those rights without actually having them,'' says Knight. ''Some of the players have said stop.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The primacy of the athlete - and the corollary that </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> helps consumers find the athlete inside themselves - is as old as the company, whose marketing strategy began with putting shoes on serious runners' feet.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> headquarters, for instance, is a secular temple to athletes, complete with bust likenesses and encased relics of their exploits.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Consider an area devoted to Steve Prefontaine, an Oregon runner killed in a 1975 car accident, displaying a menacing 1974 letter from track's governing body. Prefontaine, after competing in the 1972 Olympics, had the audacity to accept $ 5,000 from an embryonic </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> for basic expenses.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The display case notes track officials' response to Prefontaine sporting a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> logo: ''You can't do that. There are codes. There are subcodes.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sometimes, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> welcomes publicity that pits it against the powers-that- be, such as when the NBA banned the original Air Jordan shoe for being too colorful.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But as </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> grew, the criticism has a new edge: that nobody is rooting for Goliath.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">After slipping to archrival Reebok during the aerobics boom in the 1980s, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> revenues rose from $ 877 million in 1987 to $ 3.4 billion in fiscal 1992. </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> women's category is up from 12% of overall sales two years ago to 20% of today's overall revenues. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> hopes expanding international sales, now $ 1.2 billion, will grow to 50% of total sales by 1996, when the company projects annual sales will reach $ 6 billion.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">And </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> took care of its stockholders: Forbes magazine estimates Knight's personal wealth at $ 1.9 billion, about the same as Ted Turner, cable TV magnate and owner of sports teams.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">So it might have been only a matter of time until </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> role in sports was questioned, albeit not always convincingly. At the Barcelona Olympics, Mizuno endorser Carl Lewis suggested U.S. coach Mel Rosen might have let athletes' ties to </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> factor into his relay selections.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The accusation wasn't given much credibility in the track world. And Steve Miller, a longtime track coach and Kansas State athletic director before becoming </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> sports marketing director, dismisses the charge with more than a discourse on ethics: ''Could I - or anybody else here - keep our job if we did something like that? Absolutely not.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Miller also says the fees </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> pays to shod major college basketball teams are guided by market forces. He says fees from about 25% of those deals go directly to colleges rather than to coaches, and that it's fine with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> if that percentage increases, as long as </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> gets the feet. Says Miller: ''How universities run their business is their call.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> move into providing a range of services for its athletes, the latest being the Charlotte Hornets' Alonzo Mourning, has prompted speculation </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> was ready to flex its muscle in athlete management or even buy out the market leader, International Management Group.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Knight adamantly denies the IMG rumor, saying </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> ''isn't anxious to get into being a full-blown athlete management company.'' He suggests </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> concern with an athlete's overall business is a logical extension of concern for the credibility </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> wants an endorser to project.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Bottom line: ''If sports lose their credibility,'' says Knight, ''so do we.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But don't expect </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> to back off when sports officials call the company an interloper. Says </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> ad director Scott Bedbury: ''Does </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> have a patent on the spirit of athletics? No. But neither does anybody else.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Is </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> too powerful?<br/>Some critics say </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> billion-dollar marketing muscle and flock of star endorsers are having an effect on what happens on the playing field.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Some of </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> star endorsers<br/>Michael Jordan<br/>Jim Courier<br/>Andre Agassi<br/>Charles Barkley<br/>David Robinson<br/>Bo Jackson<br/>Scottie Pippen<br/>Deion Sanders<br/>Sergei Bubka</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. revenues (in billions)<br/>'92 $ 3.4</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">GRAPHIC, color, Sam Ward, USA TODAY, Source: </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. (Diagram, line graph; PHOTO, color, H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY<br/>&#160;<br/>CUTLINE: SANDERS: Reported bonus for playing two sports.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Cover Story</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">See sidebar; </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> chairman answers critics; See info box at end of text.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_208"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=209>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">515 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Australian Financial Review</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 14, 1992 Tuesday</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>Late Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">ADDISON</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Simon Lloyd</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">MARKETING &amp; MEDIA; Pg. 26</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">525 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">UNLESS you've been hovering round the dark side of the moon lately, you'll be aware that the Barcelona Olympics are now a matter only of weeks away.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">None are more conscious of this than the folks at Channel Seven, which will be screening 21 hours a day of games to recoup through advertising revenues some of the reported $46 million the network poured into the screening rights</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">That money, of course, doesn't pay for the herculean operation that Seven has undertaken to ensure Australian viewers aren't tempted away from gymnastics and archery by Wendt and Hinch.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Seven has, more or less, built a medium-sized TV station in Barcelona which, of course, will all have to be pulled down less than three weeks after the opening ceremony on July 25.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Once hacks, camera crews, technicians and so on are all assembled in the city, Seven's Barcelona staff will number more than 150, which represents a pretty colossal expense account.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">THE media loves a controversy story when it comes to the Olympics, and Addison has turned up a couple of them.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">First, try to imagine the Spanish police interrupting a basketball game and asking the American athletes to strip their gear off, then confiscating shirts and shorts bearing the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> logo. Ridiculous?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Not according to The New York Times, which reports that a trademark row in Spain has resulted in a judgement in favour of a Spanish lawyer, Juan Amigo, an associate of </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> former distributor in Spain who now sells a pirate line of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> clothing.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">As sponsors of the US Olympic teams, the real </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, of course, has counted on huge advertising exposure at the games, but Snr Amigo's court win means that </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> may not market its sports clothes - except shoes for some unexplained reason - during the Olympics. With no appeal possible before July 25, the NYT says </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> will have to sell its clothing line at souvenir stands in Barcelona without the logo.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Amigo's price to drop the ban is a cool $US10 million, about half of </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> annual sales in Spain.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">SECOND: The European Broadcasting Union, EBU, is facing huge fines, according to Reuter, for refusing to allow a private channel, Screensport, access to any Olympic coverage.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The EBU is a grouping of the main national broadcasters in Europe(including France's Antenne 2 and the BBC), but it has stubbornly refused Screensport any footage rights because it wants to pass on pooled coverage of the games to its own channel, called Eurosport.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The European Commission appears to have grown annoyed at the EBU's stance, and has threatened it with emergency rulings this week, with fines that could make the Olympic TV rights look paltry, if it does not comply.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">SHE won't be covering the Olympics, but SBS will this week cover her.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In one of those table-turning exercises that TV producers, if not always the viewing public, love indulging in, Jana Wendt has been allowed out of the Nine Network for an evening to appear as the victim of a Face the Press interview, to be screened on SBS at 8 o'clock tomorrow evening.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The programme will mark only the second time Jana has appeared as an interviewee outside the Nine Network since January 1988, says the SBS publicity blurb.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Gosh.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">March 16, 2012</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">PUBLICATION-TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Newspaper</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited<br/>All Rights Reserved</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_209"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=210>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">517 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 25, 1992, Saturday, Final Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">There's Nothing Cold About Logo Wars in Barcelona</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">Michael Wilbon</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; PAGE D6; MICHAEL WILBON</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">842 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">BARCELONA</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Probably by August 2000, at an Olympic Stadium constructed in someplace quiet, like Madison Avenue, a new Olympic era will be ushered in: no flags, no competing nations, only corporate sponsors. There will be teams from </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, Reebok, Mizuno, from Umbro, Speedo, Converse, from adidas, Champion and Starter, from McDonald's, Wheaties and Pizza Hut. Michael Jordan and his </span><span class="c4">Nikes</span><span class="c2"> against Shaquille O'Neal and his Reeboks in the gold medal basketball game. If the Games of Barcelona, which open Saturday, are any indication, we're closer to this insanity than you think.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Just in case you haven't been obsessively following this summer's Sponsor Wars, let's recap: A Barcelona-based company named Cidesport, which claims it registered the name </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> in 1932, has won a decision in a Spanish court that upholds Cidesport's right to the trademark. Supposedly, this means all sponsored athletes are prohibited from wearing the name </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> on their apparel here at the Summer Olympics. The Tribunal Constitutional didn't, however, tell us exactly how this ruling would be enforced. "What are they going to have, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> police strip Gwen Torrence before she runs the 100?" a U.S. Olympic official asked Friday. "Are they going to rip off Carl Lewis's pants because they have the word </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> on them? They're blustering and assuring the world that's what will happen. But if they want a brouhaha like the Olympics has never seen, let them try to tell our athletes what they can and cannot wear."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Yes, indeed, you would be better off driving an athlete's Porsche into the drink before you mess with his or her clothing contract. This is more than just this little two-bit, publicity-hungry Cidesport vs. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> also is embroiled in a set-to with its primary rival, Reebok. Each sport of each country determines its apparel sponsor, which is why the U.S. basketball team is wearing uniforms made by Champion, sporting the Champion logo, and why the U.S. track and field team is wearing </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> uniforms. But each National Olympic Committee makes its own apparel deal; in this case the USOC has made it mandatory that all athletes wear an outfit made by Henry Grethel (via JCPenney) in the Opening Ceremonies, and sweats by Reebok during the medal and closing ceremonies. So what you've got, for example, is decathlete Dave Johnson, a Reebok guy, having to compete all week in a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> track suit.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">If you don't think the Logo Wars are impassioned, consider that Michael Jordan would rather stand nude on the medal stand than wear that unspeakable "other brand" in which he would be photographed and seen by more than 1 billion people. Wearing the mandatory clothing is part of the code of conduct that each athlete signs before the Games. Still, Jordan told Sports Illustrated, "There's no way in the world I'm wearing a suit made by Reebok."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He reiterated that sentiment during a conversation in Monte Carlo last week. And a spokesman for the Dream Team said Friday, "Michael still says there's no way he's wearing it. Something will have to be resolved."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It's unimaginable that the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> athletes, including Jordan, Charles Barkley, Scottie Pippen, David Robinson and world record pole vaulter Sergei Bubka, would ever let Cidesport, or a Spanish court for that matter, intimidate them into putting tape over the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> logo. But it's completely imaginable that they'd tape over the word Reebok during a medal ceremony, or wear a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> hat or some other attention-drawing piece of clothing that would pay homage to the company that pays each of them millions.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jordan, who isn't one to budge on such issues, may have to this time. It's not as if Reebok can go out and distribute posters with his likeness, wearing its apparel, after the Olympics. He (and the five other Dream Teamers signed with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">) already have been photographed ad nauseum wearing Champion, which is clearly a competitor. Jordan will spend much more time in a Champion uniform than he would in Reebok sweats. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> got the deal with The Athletics Congress and Reebok has to live, uneasily, with that. So </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> will have to live with the fact that Reebok got the deal with the USOC.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">You'd hope that at some point the athletes would cherish the uniform to the point, that anything having USA and the Olympic rings would transcend the issue of who makes the garment. At some point, commercialism has to be put aside, even only for a few moments. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> won't void a deal with Jordan because he wears the USOC-issued warmups. Reebok won't revoke a deal with Arantxa Sanchez Vicario, Michael Chang, Zina Garrison or Coach Chuck Daly in the event each wears another sponsor's shirt for 10 minutes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">That, of course, is probably the naive view, the opinion of a man who isn't paid millions to do anything exclusively. Even in the few cases in life when money isn't involved, extremist pride often is. When we see Fidel Castro wearing military fatigues with a swoosh on the chest and the words "Just Do It" underneath, we'll know the whole concept of sponsorship has gone completely over the edge.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SERIES: </span><span class="c2">Occasional</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">PHOTO, DREAM TEAM STAR MICHAEL JORDAN, A </span><span class="c4">NIKE</span><span class="c2"> CLIENT, VOWS HE'LL NOT BE SEEN IN A REEBOK OUTFIT FURING MEDAL CEREMONIES. STAY TUNED. REUTER</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">COLUMN</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_210"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=211>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">521 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">June</span><span class="c2"> 7, 1992, SUNDAY, LATE FIVE STAR Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">NIKE'S</span><span class="c7"> AD SHOP JUST DOES IT</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS; Pg. 1E</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">873 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">PORTLAND, Ore. - The ad agency of Wieden and Kennedy, chief image crafter of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoes (''Just Do It'') and Subaru cars (''What to Drive''), is pushing the advertising envelope with its risky, intuitive campaigns and an unorthodox - to say the least - management style.  Two leading trade magazines, Advertising Age and Adweek, each have named Wieden and Kennedy agency of the year, citing the countercultural nature of the firm's work.  With current annual billings of $200 million, Wieden and Kennedy also has been in the running for two huge new accounts: MasterCard and Sega of America, which markets Genesis video games. Together, these represent about $115 million a year in new business.  To put the significance of this another way, an agency typically keeps 15 percent of its client's billings.  Yet Wieden and Kennedy staff members seem unfazed by all the attention.  They wear jackets inscribed with the reminder, ''Don't Act Big, No Sharp Stuff.'' Staff lists are alphabetized by first names.  Titles are left off business cards.  Nobody dresses up.  Beer flows from kegs on Friday afternoons.  And job applicants lucky enough to get interviews are asked such things as, ''Do you like to have fun?'' (Right answer: Yes). Or, ''Which kind of Milky Way is better - plain or dark chocolate?'' (Right answer: Let's go have a drink, then decide).  ''We don't have a personnel department,'' says Dan Wieden, one of the names on the door. ''What personnel manager in his right mind would hire these people?'' David Kennedy, the other founder, sometimes is mistaken for a janitor by the slew of new employees the agency has hired in the last year to cope with its startling growth.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">Little wonder - his work attire consists of denim pants, denim shirt, cowboy boots and a big ring of keys dangling from his belt.  Wieden, 47, says he didn't have much enthusiasm for advertising when he got into the business right out of the University of Oregon. He had wanted to be ''a playwright or a poet - something meaningful,'' he says.  Then, while working as a copywriter at a now-defunct Portland advertising office, he met Kennedy, who had moved his family of seven from Chicago to take a job as art director.  All of a sudden, Wieden says, advertising took on a whole new meaning. ''It was like realizing there was a higher form of the profession that could be very rewarding.'' The pair eventually worked up the nerve to start their own agency in 1982.  Their first account was </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> whose billings at the time amounted to a measly $1 million a year.  There is a saying in adverti sing that great clients make great advertising.  There is no question, says Kennedy, 52, that the agency is the child of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., the sports giant based in Beaverton, Ore. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> took most of its advertising away from Wieden and Kennedy in 1983, then gave the whole thing back to the renegade ad shop in 1986.  ''</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> allows us to be brave and has funded that bravery,'' Wieden says.  ''They ask us to jump off cliffs - and jump off with us.'' Indeed, as </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> revenues swelled to $3 billion a year - and its ad budget to more than $100 million - Wieden and Kennedy's work has grown in stature.  From the Bo (''Bo knows . . . '') Jackson self-parodies, to the teaming of Bugs Bunny and Michael Jordan, to the technically brilliant ''Instant Karma'' spot, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has allowed Wieden and Kennedy to push the envelope.  ''A lot of agencies follow linear paths guided almost exclusively by research,'' says Scott Bedbury, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> director of advertising. ''Wieden and Kennedy places a very high priority on the visceral side of communication.  It's a philosophy we share with them.'' In other words, it's a right brain kind of thing.  The </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> spots tend to be risky, but even Wieden and Kennedy's competitors say they get the job done.  ''At the end of the day when everybody goes home, it's what's in the magazines and what's on television that counts,'' says Bob Kuperman, president and chief executive officer of Chiat-Day-Mojo, a bigger agency in Venice, Calif., with a long reputation for producing creative ad campaigns. It currently handles advertising for Reebok, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> chief rival, and was </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> agency from 1983 to 1986. ''Wieden and Kennedy has consistently delivered, '' Kuperman says.  Despite Wieden and Kennedy's much-heralded work for </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> the agency didn't move into advertising's major leagues until it picked up the $70 million-a-year Subaru of America account last year.  To work with Subaru, the agency opened an office in Philadelphia, just across the Delaware River from Subaru headquarters in Cherry Hill, N.J.  Some staff members saw it as the breakup of the Wieden and Kennedy family.  Insiders and outsiders alike wondered whether the rapidly growing agency would lose its edge and become (gasp) predictable.  So far, it hasn't. Wieden and Kennedy's work for Subaru - which, unlike </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> is far from a market leader and has suffered from an identity crisis - has turned car advertising on its ear with a revolutionary campaign that mocks the 1980s ethos of automobile as status symbol.  Meanwhile, back in Portland, co-creative directors Dan Wieden and David Kennedy try to figure out how to get big without getting bad.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">October 11, 1993</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">English</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Photo; PHOTO...Post-Dispatch Photo...Diesel engines on trains made travel faster in the early 1940s. This photo, taken on Feb. 11, 1940, shows visitors waiting to inspect the Missouri Pacific's new streamlined passenger train, the Eagle, at Union Station before it began operating between St. Louis, Kansas City and Omaha, Neb.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_211"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=212>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">523 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">SUNDAY MAIL (QLD)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 31, 1991 Sunday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">RED FACES AS SHOE BLUE BLACKS OUT AD</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SOURCE: </span><span class="c2">QNP</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">DAVIES R</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">169 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Foot in mouth disease NOW it can be told _ the true story of why </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> scrapped a television commercial for their trainer shoes. And a bizarre tale it is too.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It seems </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> went to a lot of trouble and dollars to make a commercial in Africa for American audiences.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The idea was to have a group of Masai warriors running through the bush wearing </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> trainers and endorsing the firm's product in between spearing passing antelopes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A grumpy looking warrior fronts the screen, mutters something in his native dialect and a translation appears on the screen ""Just do it", which is </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> America's slogan.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Unfortunately that is not quite what the warrior actually said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Freely translated, the grumpy-looking warrior said: ""These are horrid shoes and they aren't big enough."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">As luck would have it, one of the few people outside Africa who spoke the warrior's language just happened to see the commercial at its first _ and only _ showing. End of commercial. Exit sullen natives.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Exit red-faced ad makers.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 25, 2003</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2">SML</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_212"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=213>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">525 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Palm Beach Post (Florida)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">January</span><span class="c2"> 30, 1992 Thursday</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">JORDAN-</span><span class="c8">NIKE</span><span class="c7"> DEAL COSTS NBA MILLIONS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">The Associated Press</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 1C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">94 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">PORTLAND, ORE. </span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Michael Jordan has told the NBA it no longer can sell apparel bearing his</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">image, giving </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. those rights exclusively.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Oregonian reported Jordan's decision, confirmed by the league,</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Wednesday. The move, unprecedented in the NBA, means millions of dollars.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jordan, 28, who led the Chicago Bulls to their first championship last</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">year, is among the NBA's most charismatic personalities. Jordan, who has been on the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> payroll since 1984, will earn $21.2 million in endorsements this</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">year, according to reports.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> earns about $200 million a year on Jordan's image.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">June 1, 2011</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">PUBLICATION-TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Newspaper</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.<br/>All Rights Reserved</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_213"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=214>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">527 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">April</span><span class="c2"> 13, 1991, SATURDAY, FIVE STAR Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">ST. LOUIS BUSINESS PRACTICES ASHCROFT BLASTS U.S. ETHICS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS; Pg. 9C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">870 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Unethical business practices hurt U.S. productivity, Gov. John D. Ashcroft said Friday in St. Louis.  ''Employees steal $160 billion worth of things from their employers in this country,'' Ashcroft said. ''Time spent stealing is time not spent producing.'' Ashcroft was addressing a conference sponsored by St. Louis University Emerson Electric Center for Business Ethics.  ''Rules have been relaxed in the legal profession,'' Ashcroft said. He said that advertising has permitted lawyers to solicit clients and increase the volume of litigation.  Ashcroft said the country ''needs new heroes.'' Today, he said, people regarded as heroes are those ''who ask the question, 'Is it legal?' - not, 'Is it right?' '' MONSANTO Mahoney Wins Management Award Richard J. Mahoney, chairman and chief executive officer of Monsanto Co., was awarded the first Corporate Cultural Diversity Management Award on Friday.  The award was presented by the Business Minority Council of Washington University's John M. Olin School of Business. The award is intended to honor efforts to increase the number of minorities and women within senior management.  ''Monsanto has been at the forefront of creating and implementing management training modules which encourage development of a culturally diverse work force,'' said Robert L. Virgil, dean of Olin School.  NATIONAL RJR NABISCO New Stock Offering Announced RJR Nabisco Inc. announced Friday in New York that it would issue 100 million new shares of common stock at a price of $11.25 apiece.  The food and tobacco conglomerate, which said last month it would sell 75 million shares, said it increased the size of the offering because of ''greater marketplace interest.''</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">An earlier 129-million-share stock issue, made as part of a debt exchange offer, has proved immensely popular on Wall Street. The shares began trading at $5.50 a share on Feb. 1 and have climbed past $11.  The already outstanding stock led the most-active list in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange Friday, rising 25 cents to $11.75 a share.  AP </span><span class="c4">NIKE</span><span class="c2"> Avia Sues Rival Over Patent In a battle of athletic shoe rivals, Avia is suing </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> on claims of patent infringement.  The lawsuit, filed Thursday in U.S. District Court in Portland, Ore., accuses </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> of using a cushioning system similar to Avia's ''Cantilever'' technology in </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> new Air 180 shoes, which sell for $125 a pair.  The lawsuit asks for unspecified damages as well as an injunction to stop </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> from making and selling Air 180s, which were introduced in a nationwide advertising campaign during this year's Super Bowl.  AP R.H. MACY Aggressive Ad Campai gn Planned R.H. Macy &amp; Co. Inc., shifting gears after a year of financial angst, said Friday it is expanding advertising in an aggressive drive for new business.  The retailer said it was spending $150 million on a television advertising campaign that is kicking off in the New York-New Jersey-Connecticut area and will reach all of Macy's markets by the beginning of 1992.  The campaign is five times the retailer's $30 million annual budget for television advertising.  AP REVLON INC.  Second Big Asset Sale Held Revlon Inc. said Friday it would issue 40 million shares in its National Health Laboratories subsidiary, the second big asset sale announced by the cosmetics maker this week.  The privately-held Revlon sold an 18 percent stake in National Health Laboratories to the public last year. The new issue will leave Revlon with approximately 42 percent of the stock in the division.  Revlon said in a statement it would use the proceeds of the latest stock sale to reduce its debt load.  Earlier this week, Revlon agreed to sell its Max Factor product lines and Betrix subsidiary in Germany to Procter &amp; Gamble Co.  AP USX CORP.  Two New Issues Begin Trading Two new issues of USX Corp. stock began trading Friday on the New York Stock Exchange - one for Marathon Oil Co. and one for the parent company's steel business.  The exchange allowed trading of the shares pending an approval of the split by USX shareholders at a meeting next month in Houston. The move allows the public to decide in which of the company's main businesses to invest.  The proposal calls for each share of USX stock to be converted into one share of Marathon stock and one-fifth of a share of steel stock.  The Marathon Oil stock fell 37 1/2 cents to $29.37 1/2 in NYSE trading Friday. The new steel issue climbed $2.75 to $22.75 on the exchange.  USX stock continues to trade normally, giving investors three ways to trade in the company. USX closed up 75 cents at $33.75.  AP INTERNATIONAL JAPAN GE, Toshiba Form Joint Venture Toshiba Corp. and General Electric Co. have agreed to form a joint venture to import and sell GE appliances in Japan, officials of the two companies said Friday in Tokyo.  GE Appliances Japan, Ltd., will be established in Tokyo next month to import and sell refrigerators, washer-dryers and other large appliances.  GE will contribute 51 percent of the 490 million yen ($3.6 million) in capital and Toshiba will contribute 41 percent. A holding company to be established in Singapore by the two firms will put up the remaining 8 percent.  Asahi News Service</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">October 13, 1993</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">English</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Graphic Photo; LOGO...USX. PHOTO Headshots of (Gov. John D.) Ashcroft, and (Richard J.) Mahoney.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_214"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=215>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">529 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">September</span><span class="c2"> 17, 1991, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Sprint owner's shares fall on GAO report</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">John Schneidawind; Beth Belton</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">MONEY; Pg. 3B</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">383 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Shares of United Telecommunications Inc., owner of long-distance company Sprint, sank 1 1/8 to $ 23 5/8 Monday as investors worried that Sprint may lose or have to adjust a contract with the government.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The General Accounting Office claims the federal government is paying AT&amp;T and Sprint $ 148 million more in the next two years than it should. It said Sprint charges too much. That could lead Congress to force Sprint to cut rates. AT&amp;T and Sprint share a $ 25 billion contract to provide the government with long-distance phone service.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But analysts say investor concerns about Sprint losing the contract are exaggerated. A lot of the fuss, they say, has been caused by MCI, which doesn't have a piece of the contract and keeps telling the government it could do the job more cheaply than either AT&amp;T or Sprint.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Joel Gross of Donaldson Lufkin &amp; Jenrette says Sprint already has cut long-distance rates several times to bring them in line with AT&amp;T's rates. Gross says investors are worried that Sprint could lose a portion of its contract in 1993 after the contract is rebid. But that's unlikely. ''There is a rebid in the fourth year of the contract, but only between the two existing players,'' Gross says.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Shoe-in: </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc.  gained 3 to $ 51 1/8 after the company reported a record quarter. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> had net income of $ 114.4 million, or $ 1.50 a share - vs. $ 99.7 million, or $ 1.31 a share, last year. It had record revenue of $ 947 million. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> President Richard Donahue told Reuter news service that he will expand his workforce by 500 to about 5,000 worldwide.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The strong first-quarter results surprised Wall Street, which had worried that consumers would balk at buying high-priced athletic shoes during a recession. But ''price resistance hasn't hit yet,'' says Kidder Peabody analyst Gary Jacobson. ''People will continue to pay north of $ 100 for sneakers.'' Still, Jacobson is in no rush to buy </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shares. ''Now's the time to stay on the sidelines,'' he advises. He thinks </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is vulnerable until a recovery is evident.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In fact, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> warned that next quarter could be weak. The company's worldwide orders for shoes and apparel scheduled for delivery between now and January are $ 1.1 billion - up 2% from last year. But Jacobson had been looking for a 7% gain.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Marketline</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">USA TODAY'S MARKET SCOREBOARD; STREET TALK</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_215"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=216>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">532 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">February</span><span class="c2"> 20, 1991, Wednesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Glenn Sheeley's Sportscene; Georgia Dome keeps growing easier to find</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; SECTION E; PAGE 02</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">691 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">There's no trick to finding the Georgia Dome these days. It finds&#160;you. Nine months ago the $ 210 million project was merely a few concrete&#160;footings. Now much of the Dome's outside structure rises dramatically out&#160;of what last year was a vacant lot. On May 1, they start on the roof.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">By February, 1992, the exterior will be watertight. Hey, 25 years&#160;later, they can't even say that about Atlanta-Fulton County Stadium. . .&#160;. Georgia Dome officials even found two suites recently they didn't know&#160;existed. Architects had planned for four owner suites - two upper level&#160;and two lower level - but only two are needed. Dome marketing director&#160;Dennis Berkholtz leased the newly discovered ones for $ 80,000 each. . . .</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Go figure: The Georgia Dome still has a dirt floor and cannot be&#160;used. Atlanta-Fulton County Stadium puts tons of dirt over it's sodded&#160;grass to hold a motocross Saturday night.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">SUPER BUDGET: How big has "The Super Show" become? Exhibit A: The&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> people have a $ 6 million budget just for this week's events at the&#160;Georgia World Congress Center. Things are so secretive regarding </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2">&#160;presentation Thursday that a security guard has been stationed next to&#160;the escalator leading to the ballroom level, under an elaborate </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">&#160;archway. Workers in the area assembling booths must wear ID bracelets. .&#160;. . Exhibit B: No other trade show in the nation requires what this one&#160;does. All current exhibitors must pay for next year's space before they&#160;leave on Feb. 24, allowing show organizers to draw interest on the money.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">KISSING BANDIT: To the tune of "Brick House" by the Commodores,&#160;mascot Harry the Hawk came out during a timeout dressed as a buxom blonde&#160;and swaggered up to NBA official Dick Bavetta at last Saturday night's&#160;Hawks-Sonics game. Locking up with Harry in a sudden embrace, Bavetta&#160;laid one emphatically on the mascot's kisser. When razzed by players on&#160;the Hawks bench, Bavetta glanced over to them and said, "Hey, it's lonely&#160;on the road." . . . Hawks trainer Joe O'Toole has lost 40 pounds over a&#160;period of less than three months and is down to about 180 - no small feat&#160;considering the caloric nightmare of food on the road. It didn't come&#160;without a struggle. O'Toole's beloved afternoon ice-cream snacks are&#160;pretty much history, and he walks at least 40 minutes a day. On a recent&#160;trip to San Francisco O'Toole walked from Fisherman's Wharf across the&#160;Golden Gate Bridge and back, a distance of about nine miles, in 3 1/2&#160;hours. . . . Somebody forgot to tell Kevin Loughery he isn't a head coach&#160;anymore. It's his voice, not Bob Weiss's, that carries from the Hawks&#160;bench. . . . Kelly Freeman, Miss Augusta, sang the national anthem&#160;Saturday night. So why were there are few catcalls when she was&#160;introduced to The Omni crowd? Mistakenly, she was referred to as Miss Augu</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">IN THE TRENCHES: Atlanta Falcons offensive guard John Scully, who&#160;studies battles and war strategy in his spare time, has difficulty&#160;getting a feel for the Persian Gulf conflict. "It's kind of hard to&#160;develop a mental picture," said Scully, who has a model of the Battle of&#160;Murfreesboro set up in his house. "You don't even know the disposition of&#160;troops on the border. It's truly desert warfare. The only thing you could&#160;compare it with is the North African campaign during World War II, where&#160;logistics and supplies were really how campaigns were won or lost. It's&#160;difficult to defend in the desert because it's a featureless terrain.&#160;There's no place to hide. The attacker usually is rewarded." . . . Todd&#160;Marinovich, the banished Southern Cal quarterback, still has a lifestyle&#160;unbalanced from most folks. He's never tried a Big Mac, and they've never&#160;tried cocaine. . . . A nickname that should have stuck by now for a&#160;player who moves swiftly, sometimes under enemy defenses, and&#160;occasionally inflicts great damage from the perimeter: Scud Webb. . . .&#160;Hard to believe: Dunwoody tour golfer Tim Simpson, during a recent TV&#160;interview, claiming not to be bothered if people fail to recognize his&#160;talent. Sure, and at the Masters, Simpson would shrug off a ball shanked t</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">February 10, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">photo: mug of Joe O'Toole Walking off pounds.&#160;mug of John Scully Student of battles.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_216"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=217>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">534 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">April</span><span class="c2"> 4, 1991, Thursday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Bo finds home in Chicago; White Sox deal is pay-for-play</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Joe Strauss Staff writersports; personalities; contracts; football; baseball; health; conditions</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; SECTION F; PAGE 01</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">335 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Move over, Michael. Here comes Bo.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Creating a natural marketing tie-in with basketball star and fellow&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> pitchman Michael Jordan of the Chicago Bulls, outfielder Bo Jackson&#160;signed with the Chicago White Sox on Wednesday.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"It's not the fame, it's not the money, it's the chance to go out&#160;and get the world championship," said Jackson, who signed a one-year&#160;contract.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">However, Toronto Blue Jays general manager Pat Gillick said he&#160;thinks an association with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> influenced Jackson's decision as much as&#160;the White Sox's status as contenders in the American League West.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"The whole </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> deal was in Chicago. With him and Jordan owned by&#160;the same company, there is so much imagination that can come out of&#160;something like that," Gillick said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Gillick's Blue Jays and the Atlanta Braves were the other two clubs&#160;considered seriously by Jackson, a free agent after his release by the&#160;Kansas City Royals because of a hip injury sustained in last season's NFL&#160;playoffs.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We weren't able to get into it at all," said Braves general manager&#160;John Schuerholz. "Richard Woods Jackson's agent called me Tuesday&#160;night to tell me things were moving pretty rapidly. He didn't tell me a&#160;signing was imminent. But there was nothing we could do about it."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jackson's salary will depend on how much he is able to play. The&#160;White Sox have options for 1992 and 1993. The first option will be&#160;automatic if Jackson is activated for at least 40 games this season. The&#160;White Sox must pick up the second option if Jackson plays at least 125&#160;games in 1992.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jackson will earn $ 10,000 for each game played this season or a&#160;total of $ 700,000, whichever is greater. If he fulfills all performance&#160;bonuses over the next three seasons, he will make $ 8.1 million. Bonuses&#160;earned will automatically be included in the next season's base salary.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The contract does not prohibit Jackson from fulfilling the final&#160;year of his $ 7.4 million contract with the NFL's Los Angeles Raiders if&#160;his health permits.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">February 10, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_217"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=218>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">535 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">January</span><span class="c2"> 23, 1991, Wednesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Shoe deals fit just right for Durham</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By David Davidson Staff writercolleges; georgia; salaries; contracts; equipment; endorsements</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; SECTION E; PAGE 09</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">280 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Georgia basketball coach Hugh Durham may make less than athletics&#160;director Vince Dooley, but when it comes to shoe contracts, Durham's the&#160;top Dog.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">According to documents obtained by The Journal-Constitution, Durham&#160;was paid a salary of $ 75,000 by Georgia in the 1986-87 basketball season.&#160;</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">For the '86 football season, Dooley, who was football coach and athletics&#160;director at the time, had a base salary of $ 95,000. Other income greatly&#160;increased the total packages of both men - Dooley's to $ 374,497.89,&#160;Durham's to $ 255,100.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Both also had shoe contracts with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">. Dooley's called for a&#160;$ 30,000 endorsement fee, plus $ 2,000 in merchandise. Durham's called for&#160;a $ 35,000 endorsement fee, plus $ 1,500 in merchandise.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"That is a basic contract all coaches associated with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> have,"&#160;Durham said. "</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has about 60 or 70 coaches. It's a quite comprehensive&#160;document. It's not like they're dealing with one person; they're dealing&#160;with 60 or 70."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Additional benefits include $ 5,000 worth (wholesale value) of&#160;merchandise for Durham to use at his camps and clinics, $ 1,500 worth&#160;(retail value) of goods for his personal use, $ 300 in merchandise for&#160;each of three assistants and 135 pairs of shoes for his team.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In exchange, Durham wears </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoes and sportswear exclusively.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">According to figures provided two years ago by Durham's attorney,&#160;Nick Chilivis, Durham also earned $ 3,000 from a basketball contract with&#160;MacGregor and $ 1,500 from a uniform manufacturer.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Women's basketball coach Andy Landers made a base salary of $ 45,000&#160;for the '86-87 season, but added only $ 9,500 in outside income, for a&#160;total package of $ 54,500.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">February 10, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_218"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=219>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">538 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 23, 1992, Thursday, INTERNATIONAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">MOSCOW TV VENTURE</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">MONEY; Pg. 10B</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">537 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Turner Broadcasting System announced plans Wednesday to build the first independent television station in Moscow in cooperation with a Russian company. The joint venture must compete with other groups for a license to use Channel 6, the last VHF frequency available in Moscow. The plan is contingent on approval by the boards of TBS and its partner, the Moscow Independent Broadcasting Co.</span><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>&#160;<br/></span><span class="c2">CHAIRMAN FIRED: Hiroaki Shikanai was fired Wednesday as chairman of Sankei Shimbun, one of the most influential newspapers in Japan. ''Mr. Shikanai lacks the qualifications to represent such a company,'' said Shigeaki Hazama, president of the newspaper, part of giant media conglomerate Fuji Sankei. It's not clear why Shikanai was ousted. But Hazama confirmed reports that it was related to a scandal involving retirement benefits Shikanai alledgedly had the company pay the family of his predecessor, his father-in-law, Nobutaka Shikanai.<br/>&#160;<br/></span><span class="c4">NIKE</span><span class="c2"> DEFEAT: The Constitutional Court in Spain rejected </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> last-ditch appeal in its multimillion-dollar Spanish trademark feud, just days before U.S. athletes are slated to wear the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> name in the Barcelona Olympics. The decision by Spain's highest appeals court makes it a virtual certainty that </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> will have to comply with an order barring the Beaverton, Ore., company from selling or advertising its sports apparel in Spain. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> paid millions to put its name on U.S. and Algerian track and field teams in Barcelona.<br/>&#160;<br/>BCCI PAYOUTS: The comprehensive plan to pay off the former depositors of the fraud-ridden Bank of Credit and Commerce International may now fall apart after a Luxembourg court delayed approval of the deal, Reuters reported Tuesday.  If a majority of creditors oppose the plan, which has the backing of Abu Dhabi, the main stockholder in the bank, the court may ask that changes be made. But radical alterations are unlikely as a result of the Luxembourg ruling.<br/>&#160;<br/>CHINESE TRADE: The House of Representatives passed two bills to clamp down on China's lucrative trade with the United States, hours after Beijing sentenced a reform-minded official to nine years in prison. Both bills face a veto threat from President Bush, who says continued contact is the best way of encouraging improvement in China's human rights record.  The first bill, passed 258-135, overturned Bush's one-year extension of preferential trade treatment for Beijing. The second, narrower measure would let the so-called 'most favored nation' trading status run through next July but then impose conditions on its renewal. It passed 339-62.<br/>&#160;<br/>FAA NETWORK: MCI Communications Corp. laid out the design Tuesday for its new telecommunications network for the Federal Aviation Administration, which uses a duplicate backup system to safeguard it from communications blackouts.  The 4.5 million mile network has software that detects and automatically reroutes calls to a duplicate backup system.<br/>&#160;<br/>BUSINESS HOLIDAYS: Banking and government offices may be affected by holidays Thursday in Egypt, Papua New Guinea and Syria; Friday in Ecuador and Venezuela; Saturday in Puerto Rico, Cuba, Maldives, Costa Rico and Equatorial Guinea.<br/>Compiled by Darren Summers</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Moneyline</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_219"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=220>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">541 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">April</span><span class="c2"> 3, 1991, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">BACK TO THE ONE-ROOM SCHOOLHOUSE?</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Karen M. Smith</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">EDITORIAL; Pg. 3C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">485 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The state of Missouri currently has a model for the non-graded primary school.At </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Elementary in Catawissa, students who have previously been bound to a traditional kindergarten-through-third-grade program are now offered a 3- , 4- or 5-year program. This non-graded approach allows teachers to move children through a continuous curriculum, allowing the developmental differences.  The overall goal is to ensure that all children reach their academic potential.  Although the non-graded program has been compared to the one-room schoolhouse, marked differences exist. Age groups and grades are clearly identified, and preset graded curriculums are taught year to year in a rigid format.  As large numbers of students began to attend, school rooms were added to existing buildings, and the different grades were split apart. This more closely aligns the one-room concept to our traditional graded schools of today. Certainly much cross-age learning occurred. Younger pupils learned from listening to older classes, and older students having problems could listen as presentations were made to younger classes. Much peer tutoring was employed, both as a help for the teacher and because the children enjoyed working together.  Today's non-graded program seeks to define sets of learner objectives that allow for developmental difference s of children. Learning strategies and materials to accommodate the flexible time provisions of non-graded classrooms can be varied and diverse. What they have in common is an understanding of how to determine when the child is academically ready to move from level to level.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">In a non-graded primary school, there is no repeating of a grade because of academic failure. Instead of retention, students are taught at a pace that ensures academic success and growth. A child may take five years to complete the traditional K-3 program, but it occurs by progressing through the primary levels at a slower pace. Teachers do not have to subvert the system to fit the child's needs but can use flexible time provisions to move a child at any time that child has met the academic criteria for each level. A three-year program is also offered at </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> allowing a student to accelerate through the program with academic successes. The curriculum is flexible, expanding to challenge all children.  The developers of </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> non-graded primary - myself, Barb Betz and Jean Wills - have broadened the curriculum to meet student needs. They have embraced a variety of teaching strategies including cooperative learning, cross-age tutoring, extensive use of volunteers, continuous assessment and mastery learning to help each child achieve academic successes. We have not addressed or cured all the problems that face our educational system, but we believe we have taken a step in the right direction.  Karen M. Smith is a teacher at </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Elementary School, Catawissa, Mo.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">October 13, 1993</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">English</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_220"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=221>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">543 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Toronto Star</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">May</span><span class="c2"> 31, 1991, Friday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Beachcombers are pumped up!</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">NEWS; Pg. A1/ FRONT</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">239 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">CANNON BEACH, Ore.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Beachcombers along the Pacific coast of the United States and Canada are scrambling to collect </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> running shoes - the result of a lost cargo of footwear washed overboard from a ship a year ago.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I am wearing a pair now, and I love them," said Steve McLeod, an artist in Cannon Beach, Ore., who has collected 70 shoes, including 10 pairs.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Local residents of this Pacific coast town 64 kilometres (40 miles) west of Portland said the spring tides deposited hundreds of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoes along the coast.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The footwear apparently washed overboard from a cargo ship more than a year ago, according to the Beaverton, Ore., athletics sportswear company.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> transportation manager Rick Hastings said the shoes came from five large shipping containers that washed off a ship bound from South Korea to Seattle in May, 1990.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The containers held 40,000 pairs of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> running shoes, golf shoes and hiking boots.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Hastings said the shoes have been found as far north as Vancouver Island in British Columbia.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"They have a little bit of seaweed on them and a few barnacles. But scrape that off and you have a standard pair of shoes," Hastings said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"The only complaint I have received is that we didn't tie the pairs together, so they have to match them."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">McLeod said beachcombers have formed the Sneaker Society which meets to swap shoes to come up with pairs. He said anyone who finds shoes on the beach is welcome to join.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_221"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=222>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">544 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Herald Sun</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 22, 1991 Friday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Career not Olver</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">DESIRA P</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">616 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">THE ex-Socceroo tag doesn't sit kindly with Jeff Olver.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The Heidelberg goalkeeper, the No.1 choice for Australia between 1986-89, is determined to regain the Socceroo crown from Robert Zabica and John Filan.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Olver believes that at 30 he is still young in goalkeeping terms.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "If you look at the World Cup finals, you'll find the average age of the keepers is 35-36 with a few exceptions, like Zoff and Shilton, going well beyond that," Olver said.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> If form rather than age is the prerequisite for a spot in the national side, Olver has gone a long way towards staking a claim with his displays for Heidelberg.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "At the start of the season all the raves were about (St George keeper) Filan but I've looked for consistency rather than spectacular saves and I'm very pleased with my own form and the team's overall," he said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Olver was singled out for praise by coach Len McKendry after his keeping ensured a 1-0 win over Wollongong Mac and the two points made certain Heidelberg finishes clear of the relegation zone.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "That match was our cup final," he said. "It was worth four points as a defeat would have dragged us back near the bottom two." Olver's performance against Wollongong Mac earns him the player-of-the-week title in the Herald-Sun </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air Golden Boot award.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> He receives a pair of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air runners worth $280. The overall winner receives $2000 from </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Herald-Sun </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air Golden Boot Award. Round 24. Votes. Apia v Syd Oly: 3 Stewart (al), 2 Hooker (so), 1 Ironside (so). Heidelberg v Woll Mac: 3 Olver (h), 2 Stubbins (h), 1 Jurin (wm). Marconi v Adelaide: 3 A.Vidmar (ac), 2 Maxwell (ac), 1 Zabica (ac). Melb Cro v Melita: 3 Biskic (mc), 2 O'Donell (me), 1 Soper (me). Preston v Sunshine: 2 Parton (pm), 2 Ketsakidis (sgc), 1 Trajanovski (pm), 1 Alevizos (sgc). St Geo v South Melb: 2 El Ali (stg), 2 Durakovic (sm), 1 Petersen (sm), 1 O'Shea (stg). Woll City v Syd Cro: 3 Hollifield (wc), 1 Green (wc), 1 Stanton (scr), 1 Gibson (scr). Apia v Syd Cro: 2 Stewart (al), 1 Krslovic (scr), 1 McQuarrie (scr), 1 Franken (scr), 1 Blagojevic (al).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Leaders: 18 Filan, Franken. 17 Clarkson, Petersen. 16 Blagojevic, Durakovic, P.Okon. 15 Biskic. 14 Herd, Ivanovic, Phillips, Stewart, Stubbins. 13 Bundalo, Gimenez, Kuc, Petkovic, A.Vidmar, 12 Davidson, Katholos, Kindtner, Lowe. 11 Jackson, Kupresak, McCulloch, Soper, Spink, Tsolakis. 10 Catlin, Cerro, C.Foster, Krslovic, Marth, Nowicki, Olver, Soper, Wade, Yankos.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Player of the week. Rd 24: Jeff Olver (h).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> European Cup. Qtr Fnls. 2nd leg. Dynamo Dresden (Ger) 1 Red Star (Yug) 2, abandoned 82' crowd trouble, agg 1-5; Real Madrid (Sp) 1 Spartak (USSR), agg 1-3.Marseille (Fr) 1 Milan (It) 0, agg 2-1. Porto (Port) 0 Bayern 2 (Ger), agg 1-3.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Cup Winners Cup. Sampdoria (It) 2 Legia Warsaw (Pol) 2, agg 2-3.Barcelona (Sp) 1 Dynamo Kiev (USSR) 1, agg 4-3. Juventus (It) 3 Liege (Bel) 0, agg 6-1.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> UEFA Cup. Qtr Fnls. 2nd leg. Sporting Lisbon (Port) 2 Bologna (It) 0, agg 3-1. Torpedo Moscow (USSR) 1 Brondby (Den) 0, aet, agg 1-1. 2-4 pens. Inter (It) 2 Atalanta (It) 0, agg 2-0. Anderlecht (Bel) 2 Roma (It) 3, agg 2-6.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> England. Div 1. Arsenal 1 Notts Forest 1. Div 2. Brighton 2 West Bromwich 0. Bristol Rovers 2 Swindon 1. Leicester 1 Charlton 2. Millwall 2 Middlesbrough 2. Newcastle 1 Oxford 0 (abandoned 45' rain). Oldham 1 Hull 2. West Ham 1 Bristol City 0. Div 3. Bradford 3 Exeter 0. Grimsby 2 Chester 0. Div 4. Lincoln 0 Peterborough 2. Walsall 0 Maidstone 0.Leaders: Arsenal 61. Liverpool 60. Palace 55. Leeds 46. Man Utd 42. Man City 42.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Scotland. Div 1. Hamilton 0 Forfar 1. Meadowbank 0 Falkirk 1.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Northern Ireland. Roadferry Cup final: Ards 0 Glentoran 2.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> END OF STORY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 25, 2003</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Safe pair of hands . . . in-form custodian Jeff Olver wants his oldSocceroo keeper's jersey back. Picture: JANINE EASTGATE</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2">DHS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_222"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=223>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">547 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Evening Standard (London)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 20, 1992, Monday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">THE OLYMPIC ALSO-RANS;<br/>EVEN BEFORE THE FIRST RACE, SHOE SPONSORS ARE COUNTING THE COST OF PICKI THE WRONG TEAM</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Colin Adamson</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Pg. 12</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">1414 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> THE legendary Carl Lewis has boosted his &#163;5 million-a-year earnings with a &#163;1 million payment to advertise Japanese shoe producers Mizuno at next week's Barcelona Olympics.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> His US colleague, decathlete Dan O'Brien, picked up another cool million from rival sport shoe manufacturers Reebok in a spectacular &#163;12 million television advertising campaign.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> German golden girl Katrin Krabbe was also paid a small fortune by market leaders </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> to sport their famous flash in Spain.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> At the other end of the scale, Britain's Linford Christie, the fastest man in Europe, has a &#163;60,000-a-year contract with Puma to show off their latest footwear at the Games.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> And gritty Scottish long-distance star, Liz McColgan, perhaps the best British gold medal prospect, has recently signed a &#163;20,000-a-year shoe deal with Asics.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The payments are part of a &#163;1 billion bonanza on offer at Barcelona as the world's running shoe firms and corporate giants search for stars to help them out of recession.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> There is, however, an ironic difference between Christie and McColgan and their American rivals, not merely a financial one.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The British stars will be on their blocks and raring to go in the events that made their names. The mega-stars on whom the shoe people pinned most of their hopes and their dollar bills will not.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Lewis failed dismally in the US sprint trials and will not be defending his Olympic title in the race to find the fastest man on earth.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Fellow trials' flop O'Brien and Krabbe - 'emotionally exhausted' after finally winning a long, bitter fight to clear herself of drug test fiddling charges - will be going to Barcelona only as spectators.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> In fact, the endorsement campaigns devised by the leading sport shoe companies, competing in a cut-throat battle for a world market valued at a staggering &#163;10 billion, are in utter disarray.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> To add to the general air of despondency, the final run-up to Barcelona has been littered with other big-name casualties, leaving embarrassed ad campaign directors in the industry in danger of entering the Marketing Hall of Shame.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Other major household names in athletics who have fallen at the final hurdle, through injury, personal problems and enforced early retirement include Daley Thompson, Steve Cram, Peter Elliott, Roger Kingdom and Mary Decker-Slaney.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> As a result, a new air of caution has gripped major sports sponsors in Britain, marked by a flat refusal to invest in expensive network television marketing campaigns with any of our elite track and field athletes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The distinct lack of real big money interest is further highlighted by the fact that not one of the members of the Chafford 100 club, set up by former world javelin champion Fatima Whitbread to look after elite athletes' commercial aspirations, features among the top 10 earners in British sport.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> With personal sponsorship deals totalling just &#163;1.5 million over the past 18 months for 17 of Britain's current crop of 24 elite athletes, they have emerged as the poor relations.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Even with handsome appearance fees, grand prix prize money, newspaper interviews, fashion fees and television appearances on programmes like A Question of Sport, none of our top Olympians is understood to have earned more than &#163;250,000 over the past year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> In 1991 Peter Elliott was Britain's top athletics earner, making &#163;160,000 (including a &#163;20,000-per-year contract with Asics).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Linford Christie's total earnings over the same period were reported to be over &#163;100,000, although since his world championships success he is believed to have more than doubled his money to take over top spot.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Other leading British earners include: javelin star Steve Backley, &#163;150,000 (&#163;55,000 from Adidas); Liz McColgan, &#163;100,000; 400-metres Olympic medal hopeful Roger Black, &#163;90,000-plus (&#163;55,000 from Adidas); and Tom McKean, &#163;80,000-plus (&#163;20,000-per-year from New Ballance).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> According to Fatima Whitbread, most of these shoe deals have at least doubled in the cases of medallists from the world championships, with &#163;25,000 bonus clauses built in for major Olympic success.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The insulting fact that Britain's current crop of Olympic hopefuls appear to have been labelled also-rans in the major advertising stakes will, no doubt, spur them on to greater heights in their quest for Barcelona gold.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> If further incentive is needed for them to fill the apparent mega-star void, they need only look back at the riches garnered by Britain's most famous athletic rivals, Coe and Ovett.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Sebastian Coe, the only man ever to win Olympic gold twice at the blue-riband 1,500 metres distance, bought a &#163;1 million house in Twickenham with his earnings.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Steve Ovett went on to enjoy his semi-retirement from a 16-bedroom mansion near Annan in Scotland.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Had either been around today who knows what further fortunes would have lain in store? They might even have been up among the Faldos, Eubanks, Carsons and Gazzas in the earnings stakes.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 4, 1993</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">English</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">TOP ROW, FROM LEFT: MICHAEL JOHNSON, WITH </span><span class="c4">NIKE,</span><span class="c2"> A HOT FAVOURITE FOR BARCELON LD; KATRIN KRABBE (EX-</span><span class="c4">NIKE)</span><span class="c2"> AND DAN O'BRIEN (EX-REEBOK) BOTH SPECTATORS ONLY AT BARCELONA. BOTTOM ROW, FROM LEFT: LIZ MCCOLGAN, WITH ASICS, A GOLD MEDAL PROSPEC T, AND LINFORD CHRISTIE, WITH PUMA, BRITAIN'S MAIN SPRINT HOPE</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">PUB-TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Paper</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Associated Newspapers Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_223"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=224>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">549 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 5, 1991, Friday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> takes scholarly approach to new Indianapolis camp</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Mark Coomes</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 8C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">377 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Indianapolis, home of the world's most famous auto race, has a new claim to fame: the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> A.B.C.D. (Academic Betterment and Career Development) basketball camp, the USA's preeminent proving ground for high school stars.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Gentlemen, start your sneakers. The camp opens Friday and runs until the checkered flag drops Wednesday.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> moved the camp when it became apparent it had outgrown Princeton University, its home since 1983. With its basketball pedigree, Indianapolis was an easy choice.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Indiana University-Purdue University at Indianapolis campus is adjacent to the National Institute for Fitness and Sport.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">About 120 players are invited, at a cost to </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> of nearly $ 100,000. The roster reads like a who's who in high school basketball. Here's who Hoop Scoop magazine is listing as some of the top players to watch:</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- Best player: California player of the year Jason Kidd, a 6-4 guard who averaged 25 points and 10 rebounds last season for Alameda St. Joseph Notre Dame.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- Best big man: Mississippi player of the year Othello Harrington, a 6-9 center who averaged 29 points and 19 rebounds for Jackson Murrah.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- Best junior: A toss-up between 7-foot Rashard Griffith of Chicago King and 6-10 Rasheed Wallace of Philadelphia Simon Gratz.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Nearly every major-college coach will be watching.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Camp academic director Frank DuBois says players spend only 40 minutes a day on basketball and about five hours on academics. After all, this is the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Academic Betterment and Career Development camp. ''We want these kids to know that there's more to life than basketball,'' DuBois says.<br/>&#160;<br/> REINSTATED: Dennis Holthaus, the Cincinnati Aiken football coach fired last year for making a racial remark to black members of his team, must be reinstated and given back pay. Hamilton County (Ohio) Common Pleas Judge Norman Murdock said the Cincinnati Board of Education acted illegally in firing Holthaus, currently an assistant at Aiken.<br/>&#160;<br/> REMATCH: Jasper (Texas) sprinter Bryan Bronson, Gatorade Circle of Champions Athlete of the Year, renews his rivalry with Wendell Gaskin of Kansas City (Kan.) Washington this weekend at Spokane, Wash. Gaskin beat Bronson in the 100 and 200 meters two weeks ago at the U.S. Junior Championships.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">HIGH SCHOOLS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_224"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=225>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">552 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">June</span><span class="c2"> 29, 1992, Monday, Final Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">FINALS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; PAGE C6</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">548 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Top Three in Each Event Qualify for Olympics</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">MEN</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">200: 1, Michael Johnson, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Intl., 19.79 seconds; 2, Mike Marsh, Santa Monica TC, 19.86; 3, Michael Bates, adidas, 20.14; 4, Carl Lewis, Santa Monica TC, 20.15; 5, Leroy Burrell, Santa Monica TC, 20.16; 6, James Trapp, Clemson, 20.17; 7, Dennis Mitchell, Mazda TC, 20.27; 8, Jeff Williams, Stars &amp; Stripes TC, 20.46.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">110 Hurdles: 1, Jack Pierce, Mizuno Track Club, 13.13; 2, Tony Dees, NikeInternational, 13.23; 3, Arthur Blake, Mazda Track Club, 13.30; 4,Greg Foster, Adidas, 13.32; 5, Jerry Roney, Jr., James Madison,13.52.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">1,500: 1, Jim Spivey, Asics, 3 minutes, 36.24 seconds; 2, Steve Holman, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, 3:36.48; 3, Terrence Herrington, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Atlantic Coast, 3:37.14; 4, Gregory Whiteley, Asics, 3:37.77; 5, Charles Marsala, New York AC, 3:37.79; 6, C. Cushing-Murray, Santa Monica TC, 3:38.22; 7, Mark Dailey, New York AC, 3:38.45; 8, Daniel Maas, Reebok Racing, 3:39.68.  High Jump: 1, Hollis Conway, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> International, 7 feet, 8 1/2 inches; 2, Darrin Plab, S. Illinois, 7-8 1/2; 3, Charles Austin, Mazda Track Club, 7-7 1/4; 4, Orrin Barton, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, 7-7 1/4; 5, Brian Brown, Southern Calif. Cheetahs, 7-5; 6, Tom Lange, LSU, 7-5; 6, Brian Stanton, Stars &amp; Stripes Track Club, 7-5; 8, Rick Noji, Stars &amp; Stripes Track Club, 7-2 1/2.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">WOMEN</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">200: 1, Gwen Torrence, Mazda TC, 22.03 seconds; 2, Carlette Guidry, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> International, 22.24; 3, Michelle Finn, Mazda TC, 22.51; 4, Marion Jones, unattached, 22.58; 5, Dannette Young, Reebok Racing, 22.68; 6, Esther Jones, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Intl., 22.90; 7, Dyan Webber, unattached, 23.01; 8, Chryste Gaines, Stanford, 23.04.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">100 Hurdles: 1, Gail Devers, Foot Locker Athletic Club, 12.55; 2, LaVonna Martin, Reebok Racing, 12.71; 3, Lynda Tolbert, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, 12.74; 4, Monifa Taylor, Florida, 12.80; 5, Donna Waller, unattached, 13.02; 6, Arnita Myricks, Southern Cal Cheetahs, 13.63; 7, Dawn Bowles, LSU., 8, Cheryl Dickey, unattached, no mark.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">1,500: 1, Regina Jacobs, unattached, 4:03.72; 2, Patricia Plumer, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> International, 4:04.04; 3, Suzy Hamilton, Reebok Racing, 4:04.53; 4, Mary Slaney, Foot Locker Athletic Club, 4:05.43; 5, Gina Procaccio, Sallie Mae Track Club, 4:07.68; 6. Alisa Hill, Foot Locker Athletic Club, 4:08.32; 7, Fran tenBensel, Nebraska Lincoln, 4:08.91; 8, Jasmin Jones, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> South, 4:09.34.  Shot Put: 1, Connie Price-Smith, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Coast, 62-6 1/2; 2, Ramona Pagel, Mazda Track Club, 59-6 3/4; 3, Bonnie Dasse, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Coast, 58-5 1/4; 4, Pamela Dukes, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Coast 57-4 1/4; 5, Dawn Dumble, World Class, 54-3 3/4; 6, Christy Barrett, Terre Haute T.C., 53-11; 7, Melisa Weis, unattached, 52-4; 8, Elizabeth Bunge, unattached, 51-6 1/4.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Long Jump: 1, Jackie Joyner-Kersee, McDonald's TC, 23 feet, 2 3/4 inches; 2, Sheila Echols, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, 22-8; 3, Sharon Couch, unattached, 21-10 3/4; 4, Juliet Bright, Mizuno TC, 21-6 1/4; 5, Tonya Sedwick, adidas, 21-3 1/4; 6, Shelia Hudson, Mizuno TC, 21-0 1/2; 7, Gwen Loud, Keiser TC, 20-10 3/4; 8, Shunta Rose, UNLV, 20-9.  2,000 Steeplechase (Exhibition): 1, Gina Willbank, unattached, 6:57.61; 2, Barbara Bolden, unattached, 7:00.98; 3, Christine Morgan, unattached, 7:04.73; 4, Teresa DiPerna, unattached, 7:04.81; 5, Coleen Kenney, unattached, 7:14.13; 6, Marisa Sutera, unattached, 7:18.45; 7, Marta Fonseca, unattached, 7:20.91.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SERIES: </span><span class="c2">Occasional</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">LIST</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_225"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=226>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">556 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">St. Petersburg Times (Florida)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">September</span><span class="c2"> 23, 1992, Wednesday, City Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Courier signs big pact with </span><span class="c8">Nike</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">DARRELL FRY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 5C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">419 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jim Courier, the biggest bread-winner on the pro tennis tour this year, could &#160;be on his way to owning the whole bakery.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Dade City's Courier, now ranked No. 2 after spending most of 1992 atop the &#160;pyramid, has signed a reported six-year, $ 27-million endorsement contract with &#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. that takes effect Oct. 1, when his current five-year endorsement &#160;deal with Diadora expires.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> officials won't confirm the figures, but Diadora advertising manager &#160;Anne McIntosh said they are consistent with what has been floating around the &#160;industry.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">If correct, the contract dwarfs the $ 4.14-million in prize money Courier &#160;has earned during his five years on the pro tour (he's made a tour-leading &#160;$ 1.55-million so far this year). He would be elevated into the same Madison &#160;Avenue fraternity as Michael Jordan, Andre Agassi and Bo Jackson.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We're delighted,"&#160;said Dusty Kidd, public-relations manager for </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2">&#160;&#160;tennis division. "He has a certain style unlike any other player, and he's a &#160;supremely athletic guy and that fits in with what we like."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Courier is in Minneapolis with the U.S. Davis Cup team, which faces Sweden &#160;in a semifinal match this weekend. He didn't return phone calls to his hotel &#160;room.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It's a fat deal for an athlete who doesn't appear to have as marketable an &#160;image as Jordan, Jackson, Agassi and Deion Sanders, all </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> clients. But Kidd &#160;said the company was attracted to Courier by his on-court performance and his &#160;clean-cut, wholesome personality.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"He likes traditional American things: red cars, red guitars and he wears &#160;a cap. He's a real all-American guy,"&#160;said Kidd, adding that athletes such as &#160;Jordan can bring in $ 200-million in sales each year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">And you can expect to see him on your TV and in sports magazines in the &#160;months to come, Kidd said. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, based in Beaverton, Ore., is putting together &#160;a sizable advertising campaign for Courier, Kidd said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Courier will be </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> lead promoter of a new line of apparel called &#160;Supreme Court, Kidd said. The line actually debuted last winter, but </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">&#160;&#160;already has gotten some design input from Courier and plans to relaunch the &#160;new line designed around Courier's image.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The tennis clothing and shoes will be dominated by the colors red, white &#160;and khaki and feature pinstripes. The shoe, available now in stores, is called &#160;Air Supreme Court, and comes in a low-top (suggested retail price $ 90) and &#160;three-quarters-top model ($ 95), which is what Courier will play in.&#160;</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">October 16, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Jim Courier.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Times Publishing Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_226"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=227>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">559 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Toronto Star</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">October</span><span class="c2"> 10, 1991, Thursday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> stands by magazine ad despite mental group's complaint</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">ASSOCIATED PRESS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. C11</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">202 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. says it is standing by the approach it took in a magazine advertisement alluding to an athlete's inner voice despite complaints from an advocacy group that says it trivializes mental illness.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Alliance for the Mentally Ill of New York State, based in Albany, N.Y., has taken issue with the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> ad that features football player Jerry Rice.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The group said hearing voices is a symptom of schizophrenia, a serious and extremely common mental illness. More than 2 million young people will be struck by the disease this year, spokesperson Norma Weinerth said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But that's not the kind of inner voice to which the ad referred, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> spokesperson Dusty Kidd said. Rather, he said, it was meant to be inspirational.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The ad begins: "Mother and father told you repeatedly. Crazy people talk to themselves. Still you heard the voice. Loud and clear. Just Do It.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Learn how to hit a fastball. Work on your left hand shot. Study harder. Study longer. Get a raise."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It concludes: "Crazy people talk to themselves. And finally, you realize, only a madman doesn't listen."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Alliance members complained the ad is a flippant reference to mental illness to sell shoes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">ASSOCIATED PRESS</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">October 12, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_227"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=228>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">560 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Toronto Star</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">October</span><span class="c2"> 10, 1991, Thursday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> stands by magazine ad despite mental group's complaint</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Associated Press</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. C11</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">207 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. says it is standing by the approach it took in a magazine advertisement alluding to an athlete's inner voice despite complaints from an advocacy group that says it trivializes mental illness.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Alliance for the Mentally Ill of New York State, based in Albany, N.Y., has taken issue with the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> ad that features football player Jerry Rice.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The group said hearing voices is a symptom of schizophrenia, a serious and extremely common mental illness. More than 2 million young people will be struck by the disease this year, spokesperson Norma Weinerth said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But that's not the kind of inner voice to which the ad referred, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> spokesperson Dusty Kidd said. Rather, he said, it was meant to be inspirational.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The ad begins: "Mother and father told you repeatedly. Crazy people talk to themselves. Still you heard the voice. Loud and clear. Just Do It.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Learn how to hit a fastball. Work on your left hand shot. Study harder. Study longer. Get a raise."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It concludes: "Crazy people talk to themselves. And finally, you realize, only a madman doesn't listen."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Alliance members complained the ad is a flippant reference to mental illness to sell shoes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">ASSOCIATED PRESSadvertising; mental; health</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">May 13, 1999</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_228"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=229>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">563 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">St. Petersburg Times (Florida)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">November</span><span class="c2"> 18, 1992, Wednesday, City Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Up to 40,000 </span><span class="c8">Nikes</span><span class="c7"> wash ashore in Ore.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SOURCE: </span><span class="c2">London Observer Service</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">NATIONAL; Pg. 1A</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">448 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">This strange story began on May 27, 1990, when a storm struck the freighter &#160;Hansa Carrier as it crossed the Pacific from Korea to the United States. The &#160;freighter survived, but its shipment of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoes was washed overboard. Not a &#160;sole was saved.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The incident was forgotten until that November, when </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoes began &#160;appearing along the shores of Oregon.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Large hiking boots, high-top athletic shoes and other styles began to bob &#160;landwards, at first in ones and twos, then in scores, eventually in the &#160;thousands. To the incredulity of locals, the beaches were swamped with shoes &#160;of many colors.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Over the past two years, up to 40,000 shoes have washed ashore.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Within weeks after the shoes started to wash up, a thriving new local &#160;economy was created. Beachcombers held swap-meets to exchange right and left &#160;shoes, then resold them in pairs.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">They've made a fortune selling the shoes, and buyers have been pleased with &#160;their bargains.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I got my pair for $ 20,"&#160;said James Ingraham. "That's about a quarter of &#160;the price I would have paid in a store.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Admittedly, they had spent a year sloshing about the Pacific, but after &#160;I'd worn them a couple of times they loosened up and are quite comfortable &#160;now."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The fact that the shoes were still wearable after many months'&#160;battering by &#160;storms and water would suggest </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> products have a certain weather-proofing &#160;prowess, a quality that could well be marketed. It hasn't been.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We contacted </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, but they didn't want to know,"&#160;said Ingraham. "Maybe &#160;a beachcomber's recommendation is not quite the testimony that </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> was &#160;seeking."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The longevity of the sports shoes has been useful in another way to &#160;Ingraham, who is an oceanographer with the National Marine Fisheries Service.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Ingraham and colleague Curtis Ebbesmeyer began studying the shoes'&#160;&#160;oceanographic peregrinations. The data provided by plotting the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> armada's &#160;progress has allowed them to test several complex theories about the detailed &#160;mechanics of Pacific currents.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"It has been a real bonus to our work,"&#160;Ingraham said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">With the data, Ingraham and Ebbesmeyer produced a lengthy paper for the &#160;journal Transactions of the American Geophysical Union. They report that many &#160;of the shoes appeared farther south than normally would have been expected for &#160;flotsam borne by the tropical Pacific currents that head north to Alaska.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Now, as the currents have swept back out to sea from Oregon, the shoes have &#160;been heading south and east. Already some have appeared on the shores of &#160;Hawaii.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"The next stop is Japan,"&#160;said Ingraham. "After that, they will start on &#160;their second circle of the Pacific Ocean."&#160;</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 25, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Times Publishing Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_229"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=230>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">566 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Globe and Mail (Canada)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">May</span><span class="c2"> 30, 1991 Thursday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">TRUTH &amp; RUMOURS   WILLIAM HOUSTON'S WORLD OF SPORTS   Walking re-treads</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">WILLIAM HOUSTON; GAM</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">481 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Julie Lewis of Portland, Ore., has a masters degree in bio-nutrition<br/>and taught at a New England private college, which in no way explains how<br/>she came up with the idea of manufacturing walking shoes from recycled<br/>garbage. "I just liked the idea of creating something practical from<br/>recycled material," said Lewis, whose creativity has resulted in other,<br/>less successful, inventions.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">    Lewis's walking shoes are made from recycled polypropylene, paper bags,<br/>coffee filters, reclaimed tires, foam rubber and scrap metal. The idea for<br/>the shoe came from conversations with tire recyclers and </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> founder Bill<br/>Bowerman. The invention of a machine that weaves recycled polypropylene<br/>made it possible. The first 5,000 pairs (they're called DejaShoes and<br/>retail for $59 in the United States) are scheduled to reach the market<br/>soon, she says. The company plans other styles, including a chukka boot<br/>and a sandal.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c9"> Personal golf courses</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c9"> Bo in new </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c9"> ad</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">    Bo Jackson, who is attempting to recover from a hip injury, will be at  Major League Baseball's All-Star Game, at least on television. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> will  be introducing a new Jackson commercial, but won't say if it will be a  continuation of the Bo Knows series. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has bought four minutes of ad  times in CBS TV's July 9 broadcast and will use six spots during the game,  including a 60-second commercial starring Jackson.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jackson was released from his baseball contract with the Kansas City<br/>Royals before the beginning of the season because of hip injuries suffered<br/>during the National Football League season, when he plays for the Los<br/>Angeles Raiders. He signed with the Chicago White Sox and may start<br/>playing after the all-star break. For the past three years </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has<br/>started its back-to-school summer campaign with the July all-star game.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c9"> Ruth, Joe or Ruff?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Bob Fredette of the Rutland (Vt.) Daily Herald offers a baseball shaggy<br/>dog story: A skid-row bum walks into a bar with his dog. "I don't have a<br/>cent," the bum says to the bartender, but if my talking dog entertains<br/>your customers awhile, will you give me a drink on the house?"</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The bartender is curious, so he agrees.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Dog," says the bum, "how did I feel when I got up this morning?"</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Ruff," the dog replies.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Dog," says the bum, "what's on top of this bar?"</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Roof," says the dog.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Dog," continues the bum, "who was the greatest baseball player of all<br/>time?"</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Ruth," the dog barks.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The bartender has seen enough and throws the bum into the street.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The dog looks up at the bum and says, "Do you think I should have said<br/>Joe DiMaggio?"</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c9"> The last word</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">    "To add injury to insult they show up wearing ties, their Rolexes and  some even bring their cellular phones. They discuss the Dow Jones averages  instead of batting averages." - Jerry Pritikin, 54, a Chicago Cubs  Bleacher Bum, who warns that the outfield seats have been invaded by  yuppies who care nothing about baseball but are there only to show off.   </span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">January 9, 2007</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">PUBLICATION-TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Newspaper</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.<br/>All Rights Reserved</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_230"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=231>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">567 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Herald Sun</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 28, 1991 Thursday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Kelic hits peak form</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">DESIRA P</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">495 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">IVAN KELIC is the strongest forward in the National Soccer League thi season and that's one of the reasons why he has become such a dangerous striker.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> That is the claim of Alan Davidson, who has seen Kelic's development in his three seasons at Melbourne Croatia.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "We've got rugged defenders like Andrew Marth and George Hannah but in 50-50 clashes at training Marth has bounced off while Kelic has held his ground," Davidson said.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "He's all brute strength now and that's made it hard for defenders to knock him off the ball.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Kelic equalled an NSL record on Sunday becoming only the second player to score six goals in one game.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> His feat easily earned him the player of the week title in the Herald-Sun </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air Golden Boot award.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> As the weekly winner he collects a pair of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air runners worth $280.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Kelic, however, believes his teammates deserve most of the credit.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "It was the easiest game I've ever played in - I just stood up front and put the ball in the net," he said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "After I scored the third from a penalty, there was a real chance of becoming the league's top scorer and my teammates started playing to me." Kelic has been working on weights in the gym three times a week."I've felt much stronger and that too has helped in the confidence." he said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> His goals this season have raised suggestions of a place in the Socceroo squad but Kelic is not getting carried away.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "The main priority is to help Melbourne Croatia make the grand final and win it. If I was to get a call-up from Eddie Thomson, it would be a bonus," he said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Kelic is the fourth player to win the award twice this season. With one round left, anyone from eight can win.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Apart from the weekly award of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air runners, the overall winner receives $2000 from </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Herald-Sun </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air Golden Boot Award. Round 25: Votes - Heidelberg v Syd Cro: 3 Stanton (scr), 2 Petkovic (scr), 1 Stubbins (h). Marconi v Sth Melb: 3 Trimboli (sm), 1 Katholos (m), 1 Petersen (sm), 1 Okon (m).Melb Cro v Woll Mac: 3 Kelic (mc), 2 Biskic (mc), 1 Caleta (mc). Melita v Adelaide C: 2 Genc (me), 2 Vial (me), 2 Callanan (me). St Geo v Sunshine: 3 Moffitt (stg), 2 Kindtner (sgc), 1 Harper (stg). Preston v Syd Oly: 2 Barrett (so), 2 Parton (pm), 2 Ironside (pm). Woll City v Apia: 3 Hollifield (wc), 2 Yankos (wc), 1 Bundalo (al).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Leaders: 18 Filan, Franken, Petersen. 17 Biskic, Clarkson, P. Okon.16 Blagojevic, Durakovic, 15 Petkovic, 14 Bundalo, Herd, Ivanovic, Kindtner, Phillips, Stewart, Stubbins.13 Gimenez, Katholos, Kuc, A.Vidmar, 12 Davidson, Lowe, Yankos. 11 Jackson, Kupresak, McCulloch, Parton, Soper, Spink, Tsolakis. 10 Catlin, Cerro, C.Foster, Krslovic, Marth, Nowicki, Olver, Soper, Wade.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> KELIC may be credited with an extra goal. Croatia is claiming he scored two goals in the fourth round match against Apia not one as the referee recorded.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> NSL general manager Peter Russell said video tape of the goal will be viewed shortly.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> END OF STORY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 25, 2003</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Six of the best . . . Ivan Kelic certainly made his presence felt onSunday. Picture: CRAIG BORROW</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2">DHS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_231"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=232>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">570 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 25, 1992, Wednesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">BASEBALL Despite woes, Bo's dough still grows</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Jeff Schultz STAFF WRITERsports; personalities; fashion; earnings; advertising</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Section E; Page 5</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">330 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">While doctors from Tijuana to Bangor, Maine, continue their game of prognosis roulette, it might interest those speculating about Bo Jackson's financial future that the wallet is getting fatter. Still.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"No, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> hasn't dropped him, and, yes, he's still alive and well," Suzanne McKee, Jackson's business manager, said Tuesday before the question was asked. "He's going to Los Angeles Sunday to shoot a new </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> commercial. It's going to be with a comedian, but I can't discuss it beyond that."</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The script may be a secret but Jackson's endorsement status isn't. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, his major source of income, is designing another new campaign around him, despite the fact his future as an athlete is in doubt. (McKee did offer the obvious: that the commercial will deal with his rehabilitation from a hip injury.) There also are ongoing deals with Pepsi, "BoMed" sports medicine products (which is expanding distribution to Japan), Tiger Electronics games and Franklin Sports equipment.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jackson generally commands multi-year deals and least a half-million dollars annually per endorsement, according to Nova Langtree, president of Burns Sports Celebrity Service in Chicago, though the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> deal is well into seven figures.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Langtree, who assesses the marketability of sports stars, said Jackson's status could dip a year from now if he can't make a comeback with the Chicago White Sox. But she added, "As a spokesperson, he's gone so far beyond what is normal. And because of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and how cutting-edge [its campaigns] are, there's going to be a second round of drama after the surgery. We might see a bionic man thing."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">McKee, who heads the newly formed "Bo Jackson Enterprises" in Mobile, said 1991 was Jackson's biggest year in terms of endorsement dollars despite his playing in only 23 games for the White Sox and that 1992 will match that.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"It ain't over - there's no fat lady singing," said McKee. "Look, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> named buildings after Bo. They're not going to just drop him."</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">March 26, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_232"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=233>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">572 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Herald Sun</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">February</span><span class="c2"> 7, 1991 Thursday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Marth adds starch to title chase</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">DESIRA P</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">382 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">RUGGED defender Andrew Marth yesterday admitted he has not yet hit his best form despite the recent media clamor for his inclusion in the Socceroos.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The switch by Marth to a double centre-back role has helped Melbourne Croatia challenge for the NSL championship and earned praise from national coach Eddie Thomson who said the defender was on the verge of a call-up.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Thomson took note of how Marth and George Hannah blotted out Warren Spink last Sunday. Only days earlier Spink had troubled Czechoslovakia with his sharpness and confidence to take defenders on.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Marth also took the free kick which led to the winning goal against Preston Makedonia.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> While Marth concedes that his form is improving, he believes he has played better in the NSL.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "My second season at Sunshine George Cross (in 1988) was my best season and I ended up being the club's player of the year," Marth said yesterday.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "I still think I haven't played as well since although this season is now shaping up to go close."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Marth is now part of Melbourne Croatia's ambitious charge for the title.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "The change of coach (at Melbourne Croatia) has made a big difference. Ken Worden has a playing style similar to John Gardiner (Marth's coach at Sunshine) and I'm enjoying the freedom to play the ball out of the back (rather than kicking long balls)," he said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The defender's performance earns him the player-of-the-week title in the Herald-Sun </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air Golden Boot award.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> As the weekly winner, Marth collects a pair of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air runners.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The overall winner receives $2000 in cash from </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Herald-Sun </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air Golden Boot Award.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Round 18. Votes. Melita v Apia: 3 Stewart (al), 2 Hughes (al), 1 Gimenez (me). Syd Oly v South Melb: 3 Wade (sm), 1 Barrett (so), 1 Phillips (so), 1 Trimboli (sm). Adel City v Sunshine: 3 Clarkson (sgc), 2 Hasler (sgc), 1 Ivanovic (ac). Marconi v Woll City: 3 Katholos (m), 2 Markovski (m), 1 Kuc (wc). Woll Mac v Syd Cro: 3 Kupresak (scr), 2 Murray (wm), 1 Franken (scr).Heidelberg v St Geo: 3 Bordignon (h), 2 Herd (h), 1 Koczka (stg). Melb Cro v Preston: 3 Marth (mc), 2 Traianedes (pm), 1 Parton (mc).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Leaders: 17 Filan. 15 Petersen. 14 Clarkson, P.Okon. 13 Bundalo, Petkovic. 12 Stubbins.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Player of the week. Rd 18: Kimon Taliadoros (sm).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> END OF STORY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 25, 2003</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">They shall not pass . . . Andrew Marth stiffens Melbourne Croatia'sdefence. Picture: COLIN BULL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2">DHS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_233"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=234>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">574 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 22, 1991, FRIDAY, FIVE STAR Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">ST. LOUIS MOOG AUTOMOTIVE COREY IS NAMED DIVISION PRESIDENT</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS; Pg. 3B</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">827 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Moog Automotive Inc. has appointed John C. Corey president of the newly formedMoog Steering and Suspension Division, which will handle the company's chassis business.  Executives with Moog, a St. Louis-based maker of auto parts, said the new division will concentrate on steering and suspension products for vehicles.  Another division handles the company's temperature control business.  Corey was formerly senior vice president for finance and administration.  Corey will report to Larry W. McCurdy, president and chief executive officer of the company.  U.S. NATIONAL BANK Geoghegan Named President, CEO Dennis J. Geoghegan has been named president and chief executive of U.S.  National Bank of Clayton, the company said Thursday.  U.S. National opened in 1988 and has $26 million in assets.  Geoghegan was vice chairman of Mark Twain Bancshares' Ellisville bank in charge of generating new business.  MISSOURI FOOD BARN Official Says Business Returning Business dropped by about 18 percent during the first couple weeks of a strike that began March 3 but has since started to come back, a Food Barn official said in Kansas City.  P.A. Rawalt, Food Barn's vice president of human resources, said the company's business had increased by about 9.5 percent two weeks ago and another 3 percent last week.  The union, United Food and Commercial Workers Local 576, has claimed business is down by 75 percent.  Rawalt also said 1,048 employees have crossed the union picket lines, which couldn't be immediately confirmed by union officials. The local represents about 2,500 Food Barn employees, about 2,100 of them union members, at 47 stores in Missouri and Kansas, most in the Kansas City area.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">The union members went on strike after soundly rejecting a new contract that would have required about $18 million in concessions over three years.  Rawalt said Food Barn is the only remaining unionized grocery in the Kansas City area and can't continue to compete.  AP ILLINOIS CATERPILLAR INC.  195 Employees To Be Laid Off Caterpillar Inc. said Thursday that 195 hourly employees will be laid off indefinitely from the company's Peoria-area plants, effective April 1.  The layoffs are necessary to bring production of diesel engines in line with demand, according to a statement from the company. Caterpillar is the world's largest manufacturer of tractors and other earth-moving equipment.  It employed about 60,000 people overall as of mid-1990.  AP NATIONAL L.A. GEAR Rival </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Sued In 'Sneaker War' L.A. Gear Inc. Thursday launched a counter-offensive in the ''sneaker war,'' firing a $3 billion lawsuit at rival </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. that charged it with trying to monopolize the market for high-tech sneakers and drive L.A.  Gear out of the business.  The countersuit was filed after </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> the nation's largest marketer of athletic footwear, last month sued L.A. Gear for alleged patent infringement.  In its countersuit, L.A. Gear said it believes </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is trying to monopolize the high-technology basketball shoe market and eliminate L.A. Gear as a major competitor.  Los Angeles-based L.A. Gear also said its countersuit denies that its new CATAPULT shoe technology infringes any </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> patents.  In its suit, filed in federal court in California on Feb. 15, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> had alleged that six models of basketball shoes sold by L.A. Gear infringe on patents for </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> Air Jordan shoes.  Reuters FDIC Bank Insurance Fund Shrank 37 The nation's bank insurance fund shrank 37 percent last year and will probably need to borrow $10 billion this year to keep bailing out depositors of failed banks, a top banking regulator said Thursday.  L. William Seidman, chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp., said the FDIC's fund suffered an operating loss of $4.85 billion in 1990.  ''To be conservative and to ensure that we have the funds we need on time, we will need, we believe, at least $10 billion this year and that could be higher if we experience conditions worse than we currently are forecasting,'' Seidman said.  He also warned that the fund may have to borrow $35 billion by the end of 1993 - part of a new Treasury proposal that would let it borrow up to $70 billion to protect depositors.  Reuters INTERNATIONAL AVIATION EC Asks For New Trade Agreement The European Community, locked in a dispute with Washington on whether its subsidies on Airbus aircraft violate free trade rules, asked Thursday for a new trade agreement to make clear what government support was allowed.  It asked the Civil Aircraft Committee of the 101-nation General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade to renegotiate GATT's Civil Aircraft Code to clarify the matter and avoid such disputes, a trade source said.  The United States charges that European subsidies to the four-nation Airbus Industrie consortium unfairly cut into the market of Boeing Co. and McDonnell Douglas Corp. The EC, in turn, says military contracts give American aircraft companies an unfair advantage.  Reuters</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">October 8, 1993</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">English</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Photo; PHOTO Headshots of John C. Corey, Dennis J. Geoghegan, L. William Siedman.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_234"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=235>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">576 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">SUNDAY MAIL (QLD)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">February</span><span class="c2"> 16, 1992 Sunday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">THE SOUVENIR T-SHIRT</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SOURCE: </span><span class="c2">QNP</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">STEAD G</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">177 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">THE souvenir T-shirt, always one of the most popular items during American basketball's All-star weekend, became significant this year for what was not printed on it.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">T-shirts traditionally carry caricatures of the game's 10 starters.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The late inclusion of Earvin ""Magic" Johnson to the Western Conference team seemingly would have meant an extra face. But not so.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Missing was the likeness of Eastern Conference star Michael ""Air" Jordan, who has an exclusive apparel contract with </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">After months of wrangling, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> told the National Basketball Association it can no longer sell any clothes bearing the image or name of the Chicago Bulls star.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jordan is only the beginning. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> intends notifying the NBA of 88 other players under contract who cannot be used in any way to generate merchandising funds.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">While the NBA expects to drop at least $1 million as a result of </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> stance, it is not overly concerned.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The association's marketing arm is a $2 billion-a-year business of which only a small portion is generated from clothing.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 27, 2003</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2">SML</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Nationwide News Pty Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_235"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=236>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">578 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">August</span><span class="c2"> 2, 1991, Friday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Reebok ads 'play hard'</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Martha T. Moore</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">MONEY; Pg. 1B</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">275 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Reebok International Ltd. wants advertising that's as hot as its shoes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Its new ad campaign goes toe-to-toe with rival </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. in the pithy advice department.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">The first ad, airing during Monday Night Football, shows a ''sky surfer'' - a white-clad sky diver riding a snow board - somersaulting above the French Alps in his Pump cross-training shoes. The theme: ''Life is short. Play hard.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Reebok, which will spend $ 25 million on the campaign, scored with the Pump - 4 million pairs sold in 18 months - and its Blacktop outdoor basketball shoes. Second-quarter revenue rose 30% over 1990. The company commands 24% of $ 6 billion-a-year athletic -shoe market to </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> 30%.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But when it comes to great ads, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has gotten all the airtime. Their star-filled ads are virtual news events and their slogans - from ''Just do it'' to ''Bo knows'' - quickly become buzzwords. Meanwhile, Reebok has suffered a depressing series of gaffes: Its wacky ''U.B.U.'' series flopped and a bungee-jumping ad was yanked last year for implying a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> wearer fell to his death.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has known for a long time what they stand for,'' says Dick Sittig, new creative director of ad agency Chiat/Day/<br/>Mojo New York, which lost the account after the bungee spot but won it back this year. ''They've had the advantage of getting a head start.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Pump's success lets Reebok present itself as a serious sports shoe. Earlier ads talked form at the expense of performance, says David Ropes, vice president of marketing. ''It's like we were a teenager, we were feeling our oats. We're still a teenager, but now we know what we want to be when we grow up.''</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">PHOTO; color<br/>&#160;<br/>CUTLINE: 'LIFE IS SHORT': One ad in new $ 25 million Reebok campaign shows woman pounding tennis balls, one with the image of her boss' face.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_236"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=237>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">581 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">February</span><span class="c2"> 26, 1991, Tuesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">COLLEGE ATHLETICS; Schultz: Coaches need help; Says schools are better at negotiating TV deals</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By David Davidson Staff writersports; personnel; colleges; salaries; advertising; negotiations;&#160;contracts</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; SECTION E; PAGE 04</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">335 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">A coach shouldn't worry about losing money if his school takes over&#160;negotiating his outside-income contract, according to NCAA executive&#160;director Dick Schultz, who handled that chore for his staff when he was&#160;athletics director at Virginia.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Our coaches made more money because I was a better negotiator than&#160;they were," Schultz said at the NCAA's recent annual football forum in&#160;Kansas City, Mo.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Schultz said Virginia in 1982 became the first school to turn the&#160;negotiating of coaches' TV/radio contracts and other deals over to the&#160;athletics department. Other schools using the practice include Clemson,&#160;Florida State, Florida and Kentucky.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Athletics director Vince Dooley is instituting a similar policy at&#160;Georgia and strongly hinted that it would be expanded to include shoe&#160;contracts.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Schultz and Dooley predict the consolidation of outside-income&#160;contracts will become a national trend.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"The college presidents feel more comfortable with it coming under&#160;the university and the control of the athletics department," Dooley said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Schultz said Virginia had contracts with three shoe manufacturers,&#160;and teams other than football and basketball benefited from those&#160;contracts.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Georgia basketball coach Hugh Durham is paid $ 40,000 annually for&#160;endorsing </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoes and $ 40,000 to do speeches and clinics for the shoe&#160;company - plus $ 2,000 in merchandise. Football coach Ray Goff last year&#160;received $ 21,250 from </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">However, total school control of shoe contracts for Georgia coaches&#160;will have to wait until 1996; Durham recently signed a five-year&#160;extension to his contract with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, which was due to expire in August.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Durham will continue to be paid the same amount throughout the five-&#160;year extension period ($ 80,000 annually plus merchandise).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Durham said he was more interested in a long-term deal with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">&#160;than a substantial increase in dollars because he foresees cutbacks in&#160;the number of schools and coaches who receive shoe contracts in coming&#160;years.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">February 10, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_237"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=238>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">583 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">THE OILMAN</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">October,</span><span class="c2"> 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Hydraulics firm launches rams and rescue kit</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SWEDEN; Pg. 119</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">398 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">A range of stainless steel rams designed to withstand the most arduous operating conditions was introduced to the UK at Offshore Europe by </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The company, Scandinavia's largest manufacturer of high pressure hydraulics, also used the Aberdeen show to launch its Reflex lightweight helicopter rescue kit, which offers separate tools for heavy cutting, pushing, and cutting in confined spaces.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Offshore Europe provided our first opportunity to display a selected range of high pressure, heavy duty hydraulic equipment," says Hall Smith, president of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Hydraulics Ltd, of Burnley, Britain.  In addition, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> display embraced pumps for manual, air, and electrical operation as well as hydraulic cutting equipment.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has been in the hydraulic business for more than 60 years, originally as a supplier of products for the automotive industry," says Mr Smith.  "It has gradually moved into products employed in heavy industries like mining, steel, pulp, paper, and the offshore sector."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The acquisition in 1988 of Bahco, Sweden's second largest manufacturer of power tools, can be seen as a significant step in this expansion process.  Bahco had long historical links with the oil industry, both offshore and on land, and its range of heavy lift rams had a good reputation amongst fabricators.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The new ram range presented in Aberdeen offers the same performance as the established CXA range used in heavy fabrication yards, combined with enhanced corrosion resistance due to its stainless steel construction.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Reflex rescue kit has been developed from Bahco's original range of rescue tools, and can be used either individually or simultaneously by up to three operators.  It supplements existing heavy duty rescue tools currently supplied by </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> for offshore duties.  Cutting and spreading tools, have been modified for subsea operation by remotely operated vehicles.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Since the Bahco acquisition, says Mr Smith, a great deal of rationalisation has taken place in the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> product range, supplemented by the introduction of new tools.  "This has given the company one of the most comprehensive lines on the market," he argues.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Standard rams can now be offered with capacities up to 250 tonnes, while low height, spring return rams are available with up to 200 tonnes capacity, and a range of specialist hand pumps, developing pressure up to 2,800 bar (40,000 psi).</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Picture, The Reflect lightweight rescue kit from </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is designed for helicopter use and provides separate tools for heavy cutting and pushing in confined spaces.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 PENNWELL PUBLISHING COMPANY</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_238"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=239>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">585 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Marketing News TM</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">September</span><span class="c2"> 16, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike's</span><span class="c7"> vision of the ultimate store includes fantasy</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">by the Associated Press</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Pg. 9</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">623 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">Portland, Ore.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. sells a lot of shoes at its store in hometown Portland, but it also gives something away: fantasy.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Its </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town is a theatrical presentation, a glittering production number starring the customers.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"People love to shop.  It's kind of entertainment, a social thing," manager Mary Burns said.  "Let's make it even more fun for them . . ."</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Outside in downtown Portland are the sights, sounds, and smells of rush-hour traffic, intent pedestrians, fastfood restaurants.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But inside </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town, you can relax in the tranquility of an open town square, with the sounds of birds chirping.  The square, like the atrium of a suburban mall, is surrounded by two levels of separate shopping areas for different </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> products.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Light from a huge sparkling billboard highlights the uneven texture of brick walls and pavement and shines off manhole covers.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Isn't it something?" says customer Vernette Stowers.  "I drove all the way from Seattle.  My daughter is a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> fan."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I don't think we meant to come up with some incredible turning point in retail or anything," said </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town designer Gordon Thompson.  "We wanted to come up with a store that accurately represented our company and it happened to be this.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"The funniest thing is, I knew we were doing something unusual in architecture and design and in retail, but it seems to me it sort of has a life of its own now."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In a half-hour on a recent afternoon, the store's greeter counted 200 people entering the store.  On weekends, it's even busier.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We are averaging on a Saturday up to about 4,000-5,000 people," said Cathy Taylor, vice president of retail for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, based in suburban Beaverton.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"The last two Sunday mornings I've had 75 people in line waiting to get into the store at 11:30," Burns said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Thompson, an architect by training, worked in industrial and interior design before coming to </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.  He said he always had "a big admiration for set designers and movies."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">His fascination took him to Universal Studios in Hollywood, where he visited sound stages and the </span><span class="c17">Back to the Future</span><span class="c2"> set, which features a town square.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I started sketching on the way back," he said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The retail areas surrounding the square highlight each collection with separate character.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A basketball area has wooden truss ceilings and a wooden basketball court floor.  A recording and speakers beneath the raised floor subtly fill the space with the hollow bounce of basketballs and shoes squeaking on the court.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Bright tropical fish swim around shoes from the Aqua Gear collection in vertical, cylindrical tanks.  Nine large TV screens set in the floor form a sort of video pond, in which customers can watch seaweed swaying among the coral on the floor of a warm ocean.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">To keep inventory from cluttering the sales area, shoes are stored a floor below.  Shoes of the desired style, size, and color can be called up from the stockroom at a moment's notice by computer.  They arrive in a basket on a conveyor that moves up through a transparent plastic tube.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"It came from </span><span class="c17">The Jetsons</span><span class="c2">," Thompson said, referring to the futuristic cartoon series.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Neither Burns nor Taylor would provide sales figures, but Burns said the store, since opening in November 1990, "did exactly what we wanted it to."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Response has been so strong, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> plans a larger store in Chicago, taking over the old Saks Fifth Avenue location.  The Chicago store will contain about 33,000 square feet of retail space, compared with Portland's 7,000 square feet, and its town square will be five stories tall, Taylor said.  It is scheduled to open next May.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Taylor said </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> also is looking at two sites in New York.  She said plans call for two </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Towns to open each year in "major areas of the world."</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Photo, The </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> store in Portland sells more than shoes.  It's a glittering production of the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> mystique, featuring a high-flying Michael Jordan and an iron-pumping Bo Jackson.  AP Laserphoto</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 American Marketing Association</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_239"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=240>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">586 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Business Times (Singapore)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">A town like </span><span class="c8">Nike's</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">November</span><span class="c2"> 5, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">Helen Chang</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The US sports shoe and apparel maker has gone to town with a store concept that combines hi-tech gadgetry with environmental design to produce a sort of Disneyland and Hard Rock Cafe of the athletics world, says Helen Chang</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> ON a downtown street corner, in the small city of Portland, Oregon, is a store that opens into another world.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Step into the darkened porch, then through the black sliding doors, and you enter a marketing marvel -</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Inside is a "town square" lined with boutiques on all sides. Above the square, a white plaster statue of US basketball star Michael Jordan leaps through the air, while to the left, a balcony overlooks the scene.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town combines hi-tech gadgetry with environmental design to produce a sort of Disneyland and Hard Rock Cafe of the athletics world. Conceived as a gallery to sell the latest lines of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoes and clothing under one roof, it demonstrates how a store's atmosphere is as much a marketing tool as the products themselves.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The atmosphere in </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town is like a theatre stage. Dark and light shadows canvass the various boutiques. Environmental music -the sounds of chirping birds and running streams -- fills the air.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Even the store hours are offbeat: Monday to Thursday 10am -7.01pm; Friday 10am -8pm; Saturday 10am -6.52pm; Sunday 11.25am -6.23pm.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town is the flagship store of the US sports shoe and apparel maker, whose worldwide headquarters -directing operations in the US, Europe and Asia -are at Beaverton, about a 20- minute drive from Portland.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> will not say how much revenue the store brings in, or how much it cost to build, but it is repeating the concept elsewhere.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A second </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town opened recently in Chicago and there plans to create up to eight more in the US in the next decade. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> also plans to spread the chain to Europe, but there are no current plans for Asia.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Already, the Portland store has developed a cult following. Out-of-state teenagers come to see memorabilia displays to check what a favourite athlete wore during a certain game. Others sit at video displays by the half-hour. And Japanese tourists make their way to Portland just to see the store.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We wanted to create product excitement," said store manager Jeff Nichols, about the reasons for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town's design. "We wanted to make an exciting place (for customers) to look at our products."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">During a recent interview, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> founder and chief executive officer Philip Knight said: "One of the key things we try to do is to create an emotional tie with a product."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Launched in 1990, Portland's </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town has floor space of 15,000 sq ft, about the size of a supermarket. It draws some 40,000 visitors a year, split equally between locals and tourists.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Each of the store's 14 boutiques highlights a different sport or theme -such as running, cycling, tennis or kids' wear -with decor and furniture to match.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A boutique for </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> line of hiking and mountain-climbing shoes and clothes, called All Conditions Gear, features a backdrop that changes from day to night, including a shimmering sunrise which turns to stars against a black sky. Display shelves are made from rock-climbing wires and pegs, and the floor is made from slate rock.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Another boutique, containing </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> "Aqua-Gear", includes an aquarium window filled with bright tropical fish. Outside the aquarium, balanced on horizontal wire lines, are mesh shoes -used for walking on reefs -whose bright colours match those of the fish.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In the same room, surfboards protruding from the walls double as shelves, while a video "pool" on the floor shows footage of running water and coral reef life.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The store also serves as a mini sports museum, with displays of sporting memorabilia spread throughout. One panel features the different shoes worn by basketball star Michael Jordan in various national tournaments.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"People will just come in and read the memorabilia," said sales associate Hal Melhart.  "They'll come in here for two hours, before they realise they can shop."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sales staff don't spend much time getting the apparel from the shelves -small, hi-tech lifts do that. Instead, sales assistants are encouraged to "educate" visitors about </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> products.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Some say the fervour of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town's employees -everyone is involved in some kind of sport -can be overwhelming. And retailing experts say the marketing efforts do not necessarily add up to more sales, since many visitors do not buy. At the day's end, they say, it's quality that will sell the products, not gimmicks.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> says its stores provide what today's customers want: fun. And in a way that is fast becoming a slice of Americana.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Advertising &amp; Marketing 1; Pg. 17</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">1440 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 6, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Inside </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town: The company says its stores provide what today's customers want -fun</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Times Business Publications</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_240"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=241>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">588 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">August</span><span class="c2"> 3, 1992, Monday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">USOC says clothing controversy over</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Steve Woodward; Greg Boeck</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BONUS; Pg. 5E</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">431 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">BARCELONA</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The official Olympic motto is:</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A. Just Do It.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">B. Citius. Altius. Fortius.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">C. Life Is Short. Play Hard.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The answer depends on whom you ask. The International Olympic Committee stands by B, Latin for faster, higher, stronger.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But in the marketing-crazed world of sports that is unavoidably married to the modern Games, mass-media advertising campaigns have sought to condition consumers to pick A (</span><span class="c4">Nike)</span><span class="c2"> or C (Reebok).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Which brings us to Michael Jordan's wardrobe quandary.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He is under contract, for a reported $ 20 million, to endorse </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and its Air Jordan shoes and related accessories.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jordan had said he was considering not taking part in a medal ceremony if he had to wear a Reebok uniform. Reebok is the official supplier to the U.S. Olympic Committee and paid to have all U.S. Olympians wear Reebok suits on the award stand.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jordan and five other basketball Olympians have contracts with </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">USOC executive director Harvey Schiller said Sunday that the flap - which might have meant no Jordan and others on the medal stand if the team wins the gold - is a ''non-issue. We have a deal.'' He wouldn't elaborate.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Said Jordan: ''I don't know anything about it, but if it's true, that's good.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Said NBA Commissioner David Stern: ''The matter of who wears what when is going to be resolved, and I'm sure we'll have all 12 players up there.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">While </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and Reebok are maintaining low profiles in the Jordan case, it has magnified the role of sponsors and Olympic commercialism.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sports administrators and corporate marketing officials contend brand- name exposure is a natural and necessary byproduct that rewards huge investments by footwear manufacturers and other sponsors. ''Michael Jordan is not the problem; he earns a substantial living with or without endorsements,'' says Liz Dolan, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> vice president for corporate communication.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''The people for whom (no money) would be a problem are the ones whose sponsors really support them.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Dolan says </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> does not object to Jordan making a brief appearance in Reebok's USA suit to accept an Olympic medal because ''that's ceremonial garb, and that's not the business we're in anyway.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Should Jordan follow through on his pledge to boycott the medal ceremony and snub the Reebok outfit, don't expect a Reebok counterattack. You probably won't hear so much as a peep.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''That doesn't have any impact on Reebok,'' says John Boulter, vice president of worldwide marketing for Reebok International Ltd.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''But I would feel sorry for any athlete who did that. It would be a shame if it ended like that.''</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">'92 SUMMER OLYMPICS BONUS SECTION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_241"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=242>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">591 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">February</span><span class="c2"> 15, 1991, Friday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> stock trips on analysts' estimates</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">james Kim; Pat Guy</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">MONEY; Pg. 3B</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">391 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Questions surrounding </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc.'s future earnings let some air out of its stock Thursday. The maker of Air Jordan and other pricey athletic shoes dropped 4 1/4 to $ 46 5/8 after two analysts scaled back their quarterly and yearly earnings estimates for the company.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Shearson Lehman Bros. analyst Josie Esquivel shaved her third-quarter estimate to 92 cents a share from $ 1. For the year ending in May, she cut her estimate to $ 4 a share from $ 4.13. Montgomery Securities analyst Alice Ruth cut her estimate to 95 cents a share from $ 1.10 for the third quarter and to $ 3.85 from $ 4 for the year. Both cited a 33% drop in </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> ''refill'' orders for the third quarter. Refill orders are spot orders from retailers to shore up their inventories.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Still, Esquivel says the soft market for athletic shoes that cost more than $ 100 a pair will be temporary. She ''strongly reiterated'' her buy recommendation. But Kidder, Peabody &amp; Co. analyst Gary Jacobson says </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is facing a period of slow growth. With the slack economy, ''we're beginning to see customers shift away from high-priced footwear to lower priced shoes,'' he says. ''In a tough retail environment, if you have a high-priced item, you'll likely have problems.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He recommends shunning </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> stock in favor of arch-competitor Reebok International, which fell 1/4 to $ 17 5/8 Thursday. He thinks more modestly priced shoes such as Reebok's Freestyle and Princess lines are poised for higher sales in a less ostentatious decade.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Profit-taking Time: Buoyed all week on rumors of an imminent deal to sell portions of its entertainment businesses, Time Warner Inc. lost 4 3/4 to $ 110 3/4 a share as traders took profits. The stock had soared 17 1/2 points (17.9%) since Monday; 43 5/8 points (65%) since Oct. 11.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''Hope springs eternal with Time Warner stock,'' says analyst Peter Appert of Cyrus J. Lawrence. The hope: A deal will surface to help alleviate some of the load of $ 10.6 billion in debt the company is carrying.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Time Warner has been saying for more than a year that it is talking with potential international and domestic partners who would buy an equity stake in Warner Bros. studio, Home Box Office cable TV channel or its cable TV unit. Speculation is that Toshiba Corp. of Japan and Canal Plus S.A. of France are interested.<br/>- James Kim and Pat Guy</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Street Talk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_242"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=243>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">594 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">August</span><span class="c2"> 25, 1992, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">SPONSORSHIP</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Jack Carey</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 1C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">203 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> which makes athletic equipment, is negotiating to sponsor the Hogan Tour, a training ground for aspiring PGA Tour golfers. The Hogan Tour was founded in 1990 and named for Ben Hogan, whose golf equipment company underwrote it.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">The Ben Hogan Co. told the PGA Tour this year it could no longer finance the tour.<br/>&#160;<br/>LION'S PAW: Sophomore Kerry Collins, Penn State's projected starting quarterback, will miss the first two games this season with an injured index finger on his throwing hand, coach Joe Paterno said Monday. ''Kerry got hurt before he reported. He was playing volleyball,'' Paterno said. (College notes, 9C)<br/>&#160;<br/>ROUTS ARE ON: The NFL preseason weekend ended with two routs Monday night. Rich Gannon's 52-yard pass to Anthony Carter ended a 35-point first half and the Minnesota Vikings wiped out the Cleveland Browns 56-3. Also, the Kansas City Chiefs shut out the Buffalo Bills 35-0 as Dave Krieg passed for 160 yards and two touchdowns.<br/>&#160;<br/>MAGIC 32: Rookie center Shaquille O'Neal will wear jersey No. 32 in his first season with the Orlando Magic. O'Neal, the first pick of the NBA draft, wore No. 33 at Louisiana State, but Magic forward Terry Catledge decided to keep No. 33.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Sportsline</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_243"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=244>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">596 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Herald Sun</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">September</span><span class="c2"> 23, 1991 Monday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">NIKE</span><span class="c7"> JUMPS, LA VANISHES</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">MCKENNA J</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">HERALD BUSINESS; Pg. 54</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">143 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c4">NIKE</span><span class="c2"> is in no mood for a marathon. The athletic footwear company - whose advertisements feature basketball superstar Michael Jordan - is sprinting to the lead in the earnings race in what has become a very lucrative market.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> h$as just reported a 15 per cent jump in second-quarter earnings to a record $US114.4 million.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> US sales rose 5 per cent and Wall Street is bullish about the company's future.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> But troubled rival LA Gear is fading fast as mounting financial troubles are complicated by shrinking credit.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> After becoming the third largest shoemaker in the US in four years, the company has losses of over $US4 million and was recently bought by Stanley Gold, a shrewd Californian known for restoring troubled companies.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Nevertheless, there are whispers that the company may soon be known as LA Disappear.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> END OF STORY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 25, 2003</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2">DHS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_244"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=245>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">599 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Herald Sun</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 7, 1991 Thursday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Herd instinct proves right</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">DESIRA P</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">404 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">IT HAS taken four years, but Heidelberg's Willie Herd has finally proved himself a quality player, justifying his reputation and excellent record in Scottish football.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Herd was a prize signing by Melbourne Croatia in 1987 after accepting an invitation to play here despite being firmly established in the Scottish first division.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The midfielder admitted yesterday the first two seasons turned into disasters after tearing a cartilage in the first game at his new club.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "I went to Brunswick Juventus the season after and had a groin problem which again required an operation and ruled me out for the full season," Herd said yesterday.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "It was frustrating and inexplicable, especially since, in 10 years of senior football in Scotland, I hardly ever missed a game, and by the time I came here I had played over 300 league games." Herd broke into senior soccer as a 17-year-old with East Fife. He was transferred for $40,000 to Falkirk when he was 20, and three years later joined Partick Thistle.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "(Melbourne Croatia's) Paul Donnelly had accepted an offer to play in Perth at the time and he got in touch. I felt I could do with a change and, on his advice, chose to join an NSL club." Herd felt he had made the wrong move after the two serious injuries.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> He scored his fifth for the season on Sunday against Melita Eagles to crown off a man-of-the-match performance which earned him the title of the player-of-the-week in the Herald-Sun </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air Golden Boot award.As the weekly winner, Herd picks up a pair of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air runners valued at $280. The end of season winner earns $2000 from </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Herald-Sun </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air Golden Boot Award.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Round 22. Votes. Heidelberg v Melita: 3 Herd (h), 1 Cerro (me), 1 Olver (h), 1 Callanan (me). Preston M v South Melb: 3 Maclaren (sm), 2 Durakovic (sm), 1 Crino (pm). Sunshine v Syd Oly: 3 Phillips (so), 2 Lee (so), 1 Bernal (so). St Geo v Adelaide: 3 Maxwell (ac), 1 Veart (ac), 1 Ivanovic (ac), 1 Filan (stg).Woll City v Woll Mac: 3 Kay (wm), 1 Skeen (wc), 1 Naumov (wm), 1 Martin Bourke (wm).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Leaders: 18 Filan. 17 Clarkson. 16 P.Okon. 15 Blagojevic, Petersen.14 Franken, Ivanovic, Phillips. 13 Bundalo, Kuc, Petkovic. 12 Biskic, Durakovic, Katholos, Kindtner, Stubbins. 11 Gimenez, Jackson, Kupresak, Lowe, McCulloch, Spink, Tsolakis, 10 Catlin, C.Foster, Herd, Nowicki, Soper, A.Vidmar, Wade.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Player of the week. Rd 22: Willie Herd (h).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> END OF STORY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 25, 2003</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Downhill run . . . Scottish import Willie Herd has rediscovered hisbest form after a couple of injury-ridden seasons at Croatia and Juventus.Picture: IAN BAKER</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2">DHS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_245"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=246>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">601 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">August</span><span class="c2"> 10, 1992, Monday, Final Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Just Sell It;<br/>Five-Story </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> Mart Is an Instant Score</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">Michael Abramowitz, Washington Post Staff Writer</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">STYLE; PAGE B1</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">852 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">CHICAGO</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Perhaps it's just an excuse to sell sneakers for $ 100 a pop -- but what an excuse.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Walk through the doors of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town, and the first thing you see is a life-size plaster statue of Mr. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> himself -- Michael Jordan -- in mid-jump shot. To either side the walls are papered with Sports Illustrated covers featuring athletes who've endorsed </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> products.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">And that's all before you get to the basketball court, the 22-foot-long, 1,000-gallon tank with live tropical fish, and the video theater where you can watch your favorite athletes work out on film, in </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> apparel.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">And the amazing dancing bears who do cartwheels before slamming the basketball home!</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Well, scratch the dancing bears. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> didn't go that far when it set up its giant new five-story retail emporium along North Michigan Avenue, Chicago's so-called Magnificent Mile of fancy boutiques and department stores. But the company appears to have spared few other expenses in designing and building what is more a color-coordinated sports museum -- the Disney World of athletics may be more like it -- than a shoe store.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"It's dope," says Larry Cowans, a 13-year-old from nearby Skokie who is spending the afternoon wandering around the store with his older brother. "That means cool," he quickly informs a befuddled questioner.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Cowans, a self-described aficionado of basketball star Charles Barkley, is what you might also call a sports-marketing dream. He's wearing a Georgetown Hoyas T-shirt and gym shorts and a Georgia Tech baseball cap. On his feet are a pair of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> basketball sneakers.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But it's not just the aficionados who have had </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> cash registers ringing furiously ever since </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town opened here a few weeks ago. On any given afternoon, the store is packed with hundreds of shoppers -- suburban housewives, packs of teenagers on summer vacation and scads of tourists who have added it to their Chicago agendas.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I'd heard this is the place to come visit," says Clarke Reeves, an Indianapolis schoolteacher who drove up for a Cubs game. "It's kind of like an entertainment center. Instead of having to spend money, you can just browse."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Well, he did buy some T-shirts for the kids.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Reeves is exactly the kind of customer who has Vince Giacomin wearing a perpetual smile these days. Giacomin is the manager of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town. He estimates that at least 5,000 people a day have visited the store since its opening, perhaps as many as 10,000 on a good day.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">To put that into perspective, consider this: The Art Institute, another tourist destination only a half-dozen blocks south on Michigan Avenue, averages only 3,000 to 4,000 visitors a day. The Museum of Science and Industry gets perhaps 5,000 or 6,000.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"This is the store to go to," boasts Giacomin. "Every time you come in here, you see something you didn't see before -- because there's so much to see."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">As Giacomin explains it, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town represents in part the company's response to the recession. "Retail is struggling in general," he says. "The retailer only knows to put a four-letter word on the front door: SALE. We've taken a totally different approach. We're talking about creating a different environment for shopping."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town Chicago is actually the second </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town. The first was a similar, albeit much smaller, store in Portland, Ore., near the company's headquarters. Now </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is planning to take the concept national, establishing a kind of Hard Rock Cafe for the sneaker and leisure fields. It has been scouting sites in Atlanta, New York and Orange County, Calif. There's even talk of going international, in London or Berlin.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Given all the hoopla over the Olympic Dream Team, it's not hard to understand the mania here over </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town, a veritable shrine to America's most famous athletes -- many of whom, it turns out, endorse </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> products. Giant statues of Dream Teamers Scottie Pippen and David Robinson hang from the rafters. Window displays tout the accomplishments of Ukraine's champion pole vaulter Sergei Bubka and long jumper Mike Powell. You can even see the sleek black "bat boot" worn by Michael Keaton in "Batman." (Yup, it was designed by </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.)</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Innovative design touches turn up in unlikely places. The door handles are sculpted like the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> wings on the side of sneakers. Clerks retrieve shoes from the stock room through plastic tubes that transport the sneakers along a pulley system. As you shop for tennis shoes, the sounds of people smacking tennis balls can be heard over the Brian Eno-esque music on the stereo system, but as you walk into the basketball area, they are replaced by the noisy shouts of a playground hoops match.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Of course, the biggest shrine of all here is to Chicago's reigning prince, Bulls guard Michael Jordan. A whole section of the store is devoted to the Air Jordan line of shoes, socks, T-shirts, sweat pants and gym shorts (for $ 38 a pair; there's a half-basketball court too, for trying on your new shoes). In the background: a two-story mural of Jordan on his way to a slam dunk, pasted against blue sky and white clouds.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">With big white </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air Jordans on his feet, of course.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SERIES: </span><span class="c2">Occasional</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">PHOTO, THE INTERIOR OF </span><span class="c4">NIKE</span><span class="c2"> TOWN IN CHICAGO: THE NEW ATHLETIC-GEAR STORE IS DRAWING BIGGER CROWDS THAN THE CITY'S FAMED ART INSTITUTE. </span><span class="c4">NIKE</span><span class="c2"> INC.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">NATIONAL NEWS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_246"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=247>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">604 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Bond Buyer</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> Securities Attempting to Purchase A Division of Clayton Brown &amp; Associates</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">September</span><span class="c2"> 3, 1991, Tuesday<br/>Correction Appended</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">By Karen Pierog and Karl Oxnevad</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">CHICAGO</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Bob Van Kampen confirmed Friday that his new firm, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Securities, is negotiating with Clayton Brown &amp; Associates Inc. to buy its packaged products division.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He said that while the deal has not yet been finalized, he expected the matter to be resolved by Oct. 1.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We've been in discussions working with them and trying to come to an agreement," Mr. Van Kampen stated. "I believe we are moving to a resolution, but it's not a deal yet."</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mr. Brown, the firm's chairman, could not be reached for comment.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Clayton Brown has sold about $6.5 billion of unit investment trusts since 1974, and employs 40 to 45 people in its packaged products division, according to the firm's marketing department.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Clayton Brown was once a part of a firm - Van Kampen Wauterlek &amp; Co. - that Mr. Van Kampen started in 1967. Seven years later the firm was divided into two separate companies - Van Kampen Merritt and Clayton Brown &amp; Associates.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mr. Van Kampen said he was "very saddened" that the confidentiality of the negotiations was "breached" when Clayton Brown sent an internal memo to its packaged product employees saying they would continue to be employed either at Clayton Brown or at </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mr. Van Kampen started </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> in May, less than a month after Van Kampen Merritt Inc., the firm he formed in 1974 and sold to Xerox Financial Services in 1984, announced it was dropping its investment banking business to concentrate on its asset management business that includes mutual funds and unit investment trusts.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">One municipal finance source said, "He's coming back in a big way to compete with Van Kampen Merritt."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A spokesman for Van Kampen Merritt did not return phone calls.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">As of April, the firm had sold $19 billion of unit investment trusts and was the largest U.S. sponsor of insured tax-free unit trust investments.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mr. Van Kampen said that all "non-compete" agreements that he made with Xerox at the time he sold the firm had since expired. He explained that the idea to acquire Clayton Brown's unit trust business occurred when </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> acquired "a key" packaged product employee from Clayton Brown who "felt there would be a possibility Clayton Brown would be interested in selling the whole department."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mr. Van Kampen said </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, which is operating out of temporary quarters in West Chicago, Ill., employs 20 people - including some former Van Kampen Merritt employees - involved in the trading, underwriting and sale of tax-exempt and taxable bonds to institutional investors.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The sale of its packaged products division would not have a great effect on Clayton Brown's business, according to one public finance official.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"They haven't been among the majors in that area," the source said. "They've been focusing on public finance, doing a lot of work as a co manager."</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Pg. 2</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">468 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">CORRECTION-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 4, 1991, Wednesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9"> CORRECTION:<br/></span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Bob Van Kampen, chairman of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Securities, clarified a comment he made in an article that appeared yesterday about negotiations between his firm and Clayton Brown &amp; Associates to purchase Clayton Brown's packaged products division.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mr. Van Kampen said the confidentiality of the negotiations was breached by an unknown person and that, as a result, officials at Clayton Brown issued a memo to its employees saying they would continue to be employed either at Clayton Brown or </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Bond Buyer, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_247"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=248>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">605 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">October</span><span class="c2"> 25, 1991, Friday, 1* EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Agassi ad is Child's play</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">FORT WORTH STAR-TELEGRAM</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. C6</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">157 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Tennis player Andre Agassi may be more famous for his endorsements than for his game. And, in his new ad for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, he's paired with Julia Child, the grande dame of food who has always refused to endorse any product.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In the "Air. By Agassi" spot, the Las Vegas flash bashes tennis balls around a profusion of TV sets. He hits one of the sets with a ball and Child suddenly appears on the screen.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Child, who never does commercials endorsing products, says the TV spot resulted from a "snafu with my lawyers when the company asked for a clip from one of my shows" and her share of the royalties is being donated to the American Institute of Wine &amp; Food.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Dusty Kidd, director of public relations for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, says Child was concerned that her spot not appear as an endorsement for the shoes. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> chose Child, Kidd said, because she is a TV institution.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I don't wear </span><span class="c4">Nikes</span><span class="c2">," the 79-year-old Child said. "I wear New Balance."</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">October 25, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 CanWest Interactive, a division of<br/>CanWest Global Communications Corp.<br/>All Rights Reserved</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_248"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=249>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">608 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">WALL STREET JOURNAL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">June</span><span class="c2"> 3, 1992, Wednesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">BUSINESS BRIEFS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section B; Page 4, Column 6</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">22 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><br/><p class="c6"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc says it has assumed distribution of its products in Australia and Hong Kong in effort to expand operations world-wide (S)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2"> WSJ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company: Abstracts</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_249"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=250>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">611 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Toronto Star</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 7, 1992, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Muhammad Ali gets Thorpe Award</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. C1</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">461 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Muhammad Ali received the Life Time Achievement Award last night during the Jim Thorpe Pro Sports Award Show, a two-hour live special on ABC-TV. The presentation was made by actor James Earl Jones.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Other special awards went to Bo Jackson and long jumper Mike Powell. Other winners were Michael Andretti, Cal Ripken, Michael Jordan, Terry Norris, Mark Rypien, Fred Couples, Meg Mallon, Mark Messier, Jim Courier and Monica Seles.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">No politics</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">CALGARY (CP) - The two Canadian cities vying to host the 2002 Winter Olympics have sent a clear, angry message to Ottawa - keep politics out of sport.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Calgary mayor Al Duerr and his Quebec City counterpart, Jean-Paul L'Allier, signed a joint declaration demanding the Canadian Olympic Association select either of the two cities as its Canadian candidate without politics coloring its decision.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> appeals</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">MADRID (AP) - </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., which paid millions to put its name on the U.S. track and field team's uniforms at the Barcelona Olympics, is appealing a stunning high court decision that bars the advertising or sale of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> apparel in Spain.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Spain's Constitutional Court last week refused to lift a lower court order prohibiting the Beaverton, Ore.-based sports apparel company from using the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> name on clothing because a Barcelona firm registered the trademark first in 1932.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jets kicker quits</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">NEW YORK (AP) - New York Jets placekicker Pat Leahy, the oldest player in the NFL and the third-ranked scorer in league history, retired yesterday after 18 seasons because of a recurring sciatic nerve condition.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Leahy, 41, has 1,470 points, and trails only fellow kickers George Blanda (2,002) and Jan Stenerud (1,699).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jockey injured</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">WILLOW PARK, Texas (AP) - A Trinity Meadows Raceway jockey was in good condition yesterday at a Fort Worth hospital after being thrown and trampled in a race.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Doctors said David Muirhead, 26, could be released today.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Bulgarian back</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">MILAN, Italy (AP) - Stefka Kostadinova of Bulgaria, back on track after taking two years to recover from foot surgery, will be bidding for gold in the women's high jump at the Barcelona Olympics.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Kostadinova, who set the world record of 6 feet, 10 1/4 inches at Rome in 1987, surprised even her husband by clearing 6-8 3/4 in her best effort of the season at a track meet in San Marino on the weekend.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Skiing champs</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">BOGOTA, Columbia, (CNW) - Jaret Llewellyn of Innisfail, Alta., and Kim de Macedo of Shawnigan Lake, B.C., won the overall titles at the seven-country Pan American Water Skiing Championships.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In the team event, the United States was first with 8,426 points and Canada, the number-one ranked nation, was second at 8,271.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In junior competition, Ryan Bush, 15, of Brampton, was second overall.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 4, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_250"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=251>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">613 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Toronto Star</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">May</span><span class="c2"> 31, 1991, Friday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Beachcombers are pumped up!</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">NEWS; Pg. A1</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">250 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">CANNON BEACH, Ore.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;</span><span class="c2">CANNON BEACH, Ore. (Reuter) - Beachcombers along the Pacific coast of the United States and Canada are scrambling to collect </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> running shoes - the result of a lost cargo of footwear washed overboard from a ship a year ago.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I am wearing a pair now, and I love them," said Steve McLeod, an artist in Cannon Beach, Ore., who has collected 70 shoes, including 10 pairs.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Local residents of this Pacific coast town 64 kilometres (40 miles) west of Portland said the spring tides deposited hundreds of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoes along the coast.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The footwear apparently washed overboard from a cargo ship more than a year ago, according to the Beaverton, Ore., athletics sportswear company.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> transportation manager Rick Hastings said the shoes came from five large shipping containers that washed off a ship bound from South Korea to Seattle in May, 1990.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The containers held 40,000 pairs of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> running shoes, golf shoes and hiking boots.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Hastings said the shoes have been found as far north as Vancouver Island in British Columbia.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"They have a little bit of seaweed on them and a few barnacles. But scrape that off and you have a standard pair of shoes," Hastings said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"The only complaint I have received is that we didn't tie the pairs together, so they have to match them."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">McLeod said beachcombers have formed the Sneaker Society which meets to swap shoes to come up with pairs. He said anyone who finds shoes on the beach is welcome to join.final-ly; shipping; accident</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">May 13, 1999</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_251"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=252>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">615 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">WALL STREET JOURNAL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">June</span><span class="c2"> 19, 1992, Friday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">AGREEMENT FOR ACQUISITION OF SPORTS SPECIALTIES IS SET</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section A; Page 4, Column 3</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">23 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><br/><p class="c6"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc agrees to buy Sports Specialties Corp, which distributes caps and other headwear under license from various manufacturers (S)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2"> WSJ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company: Abstracts</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_252"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=253>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">616 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Globe and Mail (Canada)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">August</span><span class="c2"> 20, 1992 Thursday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">SPORT IN BRIEF   </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> drops Krabbe</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">GAM</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">58 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">U.S. sportswear manufacturer </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. said yesterday it had cancelled<br/>its sponsorhip deal with double world sprint champion Katrin Krabbe and<br/>her German teammate Grit Breuer after they failed a drugs test. The two<br/>athletes face a four-year ban from competition after random dope tests<br/>last month showed they had taken the muscle-building drug Clenbuterol.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">January 9, 2007</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">PUBLICATION-TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Newspaper</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.<br/>All Rights Reserved</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_253"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=254>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">620 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 10, 1992, Friday, 1* EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> still outrunning L.A. Gear in battle of the footwear makers: </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> scores 5th year of gains while foe tags quarterly loss</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">DEBORAH YU; LOS ANGELES DAILY NEWS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS; Pg. D2</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">401 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">Los Angeles</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">IN THE RUNNING battle of the footwear makers, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. has further advanced its lead over L.A. Gear Inc. The Marina del Rey, Calif.-based company reported its seventh straight quarterly loss Wednesday while rival </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> of Beaverton, Ore., reported its fifth straight year of record revenues and earnings.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shares jumped more than 10 per cent Wednesday while L.A. Gear dropped more than 15 per cent, closing at $ 10 5/8 , off $ 1 5/8 . L.A. Gear closed at $ 10 7/8 Thursday.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">L.A. Gear reported a net loss of $ 24.4 million US ($ 1.19 a share) for the second quarter ended May 31 compared with a net loss of $ 4 million (20 cents) in the like period a year ago.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Revenue was $ 104.7 million vs. $ 166 million.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">L.A. Gear attributed its loss in part to settling three shareholder suits, at $ 13.9 million against net earnings, as well as a loss from continuing operations.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The lawsuits alleged insider trading and release of false financial statements and prospects for the company. Filed in 1990 and 1991, they name L.A. Gear and current and former officials, including founder Robert Greenberg. The company said the settlements are not admissions of guilt.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Court approval for the settlements is expected in late August.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">L.A. Gear president and chief operating officer Mark Goldston said losses are expected to continue into the latter half of 1992.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">L.A. Gear installed new management in September after Roy Disney-led Trefoil Capital Investors in Burbank, Calif., bailed out the firm with a $ 100-million investment convertible to a 34-per-cent stake.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Since then, new management has been intent on cutting expenses, streamlining company operations and consolidating shoe lines. Still, losses have continued to plague the company since the fourth quarter of fiscal 1990.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Meanwhile, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> earned $ 70.7 million US (92 cents a share) in the fourth quarter ended May 31 compared with $ 58.6 million (76 cents) in the same period a year ago. Revenue was $ 847.6 million against $ 719 million.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">For the year, earnings were $ 329.2 million ($ 4.30 a share) against $ 287 million ($ 3.77). Revenue rose 13.7 per cent to $ 3.41 billion in 1992.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">L.A. Gear's market share dropped from 12 per cent in 1990 to eight per cent last year, while </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> saw its share grow from 29 per cent in 1990 to 30 per cent last year, according to the Sporting Goods Intelligence in Glen Mills, Pa.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">July 11, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">AP/ </span><span class="c4">NIKE</span><span class="c2"> AND REEBOK LEAD THE PACK: 1991 Market Share</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 CanWest Interactive, a division of<br/>CanWest Global Communications Corp.<br/>All Rights Reserved</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_254"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=255>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">621 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">August</span><span class="c2"> 25, 1991, Sunday, Final Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">BUSINESS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">From news services and staff reports</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; PAGE D2; FANFARE</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">85 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sonny Vaccaro has left </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. and will join a new sports marketing firm, it was reported in yesterday's editions of the New York Times.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Vaccaro, who signed numerous basketball standouts and coaches to endorsement arrangements with the shoe manufacturer, will become co-chairman of DIC Sports Marketing.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The sports marketing firm is connected with DIC Animation City, Inc., a cartoon studio that will produces animated features of such sports stars as Michael Jordan, Wayne Gretzky and Bo Jackson.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SERIES: </span><span class="c2">Occasional</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">NATIONAL NEWS, COLUMN</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_255"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=256>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">625 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">WALL STREET JOURNAL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">April</span><span class="c2"> 17, 1992, Friday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">WHO'S NEWS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section B; Page 8, Column 4</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">36 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><br/><p class="c6"><span class="c2">Robert S Falcone, formerly director of acquisitions of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc, is promoted to vice president and chief financial officer, effective June 1; he succeeds George E Porter, who plans to semiretire at that time (S)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2"> WSJ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company: Abstracts</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_256"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=257>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">628 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Southwest Newswire</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">JULY</span><span class="c2"> 12, 1991, FRIDAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">NFL PRO SET &amp; </span><span class="c8">NIKE</span><span class="c7"> SPONSOR LOS ANGELES RAMS "MINI CAMP" SUNDAY, JULY 14</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">LOS ANGELES, July 12, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">The National Football League and the Los Angeles Rams will conduct a free clinic for over 400 area youth at Fullerton Junior College,Sunday July 14 at 12:00 p.m. This event is last in a series of 27 throughout the League this spring/summer.  The camps are sponsored by Pro Set, manufacturer of the Official NFL Trading Card, and </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The "NFL Pro Set Mini Camp for Kids" sponsored by </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> will featur12hgeles Rams players including wide receiver Flipper Anderson and former Los Angeles Rams quarterback Vince Ferragamo.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The players will stress the importance of staying in school and deliver impactful motivation messages on striving for individual excellence.  On the field at Fullerton Junior College, the players will demonstrate football skills and techniques of game preparation, fitness and nutrition.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "Mini Camp" participants have been selected through the United Way and Boys and Girls Clubs of Los Angeles to provide this opportunity for those who would benefit most from the program.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Local supporters of the event include radio station KJLH-FM.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The public is invited to attend the clinic as spectators at no charge.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
</div>
<table class="c12">
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14">&#160;</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">&#160;</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">MEDIA ADVISORY</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">&#160;</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">SUBJECT: &#160;NFL Pro Set &amp; </span><span class="c18">Nike</span><span class="c15"> to host Los Angeles Rams Mini Camp for</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; kids.</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">&#160;</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Television/Interview/Photograph Opportunities</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; ---------------------------------------------</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">&#160;</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">DATE: &#160;&#160;&#160; Sunday, July 14, 1991</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">TIME: &#160;&#160;&#160; 12:00 p.m. t 4:00 p.m.</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">PLACE: &#160;&#160;&#160;Fullerton Junior College</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">CONTACT: &#160;Sheilah Tucker 214/869-2244</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">&#160;</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The National Football League, Pro Set and </span><span class="c18">Nike</span><span class="c15"> will host a Los</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">Angeles Rams "Mini Camp" for over 400 inner city youth Sunday, July</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">14, at Fullerton Junior College form 12:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m.</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">&#160;&#160;&#160; The "NFL Pro Set Mini Camp for Kids" sponsored by </span><span class="c18">Nike</span><span class="c15"> will</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">feature six Los Angeles Rams players including:</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">&#160;</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">Flipper Anderson WR</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">Aaron Cox WR</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">Robert Delpino RB</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">Buford McGee RB</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">&#160;</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">Former Los Angeles Rams include:</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">&#160;</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">Vince Farragamo QB</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">Johnnie Johnson S</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">&#160;</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The Rams Mini Camp concludes a series of 27 throughout the</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">League this spring/summer. The players will stress the importance of</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">staying in school and provide motivational messages on striving for</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">individual excellence. &#160;On the field, they will demonstrate</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">football skills and techniques of game preparation, fitness and</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">nutrition.</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">&#160;</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14">&#160;</td></tr>
</table>
<div class="c5"><br/><p class="c6"><span class="c2"> CONTACT: Larry Lundy or Sheilah Tucker, Advantage Marketing Group, Inc., 214/869-2244.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">910712</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DISTRIBUTION: </span><span class="c2">TO BUSINESS/SPORTS/FEATURE/CITY DESKS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Southwest Newswire Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_257"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=258>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">629 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Globe and Mail (Canada)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">May</span><span class="c2"> 10, 1991 Friday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">PUBLIC EYE   FIFTH COLUMN   When running shoes and art   meet, art ends up getting   trampled, says Brian Fawcett</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Brian Fawcett; GAM</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">666 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">By Brian Fawcett<br/> ESQUIRE magazine, which carries the subtitle of Man At His Best but<br/>really ought to be subtitled Upper Middle-class New York Guys Between 35<br/>and 50 At Their Most Cynical and Stylish, used to be one of the best<br/>magazines this side of the Atlantic. It was politically and socially<br/>astute if not always liberal, the prose was high-octane, and its annual<br/>Dubious Achievement Awards, begun in the 1960s, were the best summary and<br/>satire of our lunatic civilization available.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">    These days, alas, the magazine is usually more in step with our<br/>paranoid sectarian times than it once was, and the most I'd be willing to<br/>say about it is that it features good prose. The April 1991 issue, which<br/>exhibits a photo of actress Ellen Barkin, has, between pages 64 and 65, an<br/>eight-page fold-out that will tell you more about corporate sponsorship of<br/>the arts than the magazine intended, and probably a whole lot more than<br/>most of us ever wanted to know.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">On the front and back of the fold-out are miniaturized reproductions of<br/>five commissioned works of art. Charles Anderson (U.S.), Ralph Steadman<br/>(British) and Takenobu Igarushi (Japanese) are on the front, and Alphonse<br/>Holtgreve (German) and Andre Francois (French) cover the rear. All five<br/>artists were evidently contracted to interpret a single numerical icon -<br/>the number 180 - and to integrate it within what is presumably their<br/>recognizable style.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">THE perpetrator is </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Corp., whose slogan, "Just do it," has become<br/>the low-density battle cry for a generation of narcissistic physical<br/>activists engaged in slicking up their bodies while a third of the world<br/>suffers from malnutrition.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The offending fold-out is an ad for </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> new running shoe, the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><br/><span class="c2">180 Air. The middle four pages are a masterpiece of high-style technical<br/>gibberish about the new runner, done up in neo-Albrecht Durer with water-<br/>colour renderings first of the shoe, and then of a skinless foot sitting<br/>in it. Also included are a nonsensical architectural plan view of the<br/>shoe's sole, and a couple of indecipherable technical drawings aimed at<br/>convincing us of the 180's high-tech perfection.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The written text, printed in Spanish, German, Japanese and English,<br/>informs us that </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> vaunted air-cushioning unit (a see-through shell<br/>that contains air and thus makes the shoe lighter), has been made 50 per<br/>cent larger for the 180 runner.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">On the two remaining pages of the fold-out are silver-tone cheesecake<br/>photos of the new 180 in hot pink, navy and white. With its see-through<br/>air unit, the runner doesn't quite strike me as the Ellen Barkin of<br/>running shoes, who is after all, a woman of complexity and substance. The<br/>180 is actually the opposite - a testimony to the degree to which<br/>absolutely nothing can be aggrandized.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">So what am I offended at, here, anyway? Well, practically everything<br/>about the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> fold-out offends me. Nowhere in the eight pages does it<br/>admit that it is an advertisement. Au contraire, the fold-out is marked "<br/>confidential" in five places, leading us to believe that it must be an<br/>information leak that Esquire somehow got hold of. That it is addressed to<br/>someone named T. Hatfield, a name that does not appear on the Esquire<br/>masthead, seems to confirm this. The apparent authours of the information<br/>leak are three guys in Beaverton, Ore., which is presumably the site of<br/></span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> design headquarters.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">BUT what is most offensive here is that it tells us how the corporate<br/>sector will, in the end, nurture and sponsor the arts. In this case, the<br/>work of five-star visual artists serves as the fold-out's cover<br/>decoration, and, by implication, as an illustration of how interested in<br/>helping out the arts </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It also tells us that after a half-century of trying to integrate the<br/>arts within the communities whose values and problems they are supposed to<br/>reflect and articulate, we're headed back to the dark days when art wasn't<br/>by the masters, but for them.<br/> Brian Fawcett is a Vancouver writer and author of Public Eye: An<br/>Investigation into the Disappearance of the World (Harper Collins).</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">January 9, 2007</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">PUBLICATION-TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Newspaper</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.<br/>All Rights Reserved</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_258"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=259>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">631 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">WALL STREET JOURNAL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">August</span><span class="c2"> 3, 1992, Monday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">ENDORSEMENT GRIDLOCK</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section B; Page 5, Column 4</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">30 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><br/><p class="c6"><span class="c2">Michael Jordan is embroiled in debate over whether, as </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc spokesman, he will wear official ceremonial uniform that Reebok International supplies for US Olympic athletes (S)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2"> WSJ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company: Abstracts</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_259"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=260>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">634 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">November</span><span class="c2"> 14, 1991, Thursday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Stingers face test; Tip-off with Bisons in tourney</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">RANDY PHILLIPS; GAZETTE</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. D15</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">466 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The Stingers face powerhouse Manitoba in the first round of the 20th Concordia </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Classic women's basketball tournament this weekend.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"If we're going to bring our program back to the level it once was, we have to play teams like Manitoba," Concordia coach Mike Hickey said. "It doesn't do any good to play against weak teams just for the sake of winning."</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Concordia lost by 23 points to Manitoba's high-powered offence in non-conference action last month that was part of the Bisons' October feed of Quebec teams as they beat McGill, Bishop's and Concordia on successive days.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Stingers play Manitoba in the last of four opening-round games tomorrow at 8 p.m.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We'll probably be at our strongest for the first time this season," said Hickey, whose team has won only once in seven pre- season games. "We have good quickness, so it will be our speed against their size."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The three-day Classic, which starts tomorrow at Loyola Gym, has developed into one of the premier tournaments in the country and will be closely watched to help decide the first weekly top-10 national ranking of the season, which the Canadian Interuniversity Athletic Union will release Monday.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Laurentian Vees, CIAU national champion for the last two years, are favored to win the Classic for the third straight year, despite losing national team player Nana Robinson, a guard who has taken the year off from school.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Completing the eight-team field are the McGill Martlets and Queen's Golden Gaels, who meet in the opening game at 2 p.m., the Winnipeg Lady Wesmen and Ottawa Gee-Gees, who play at 4 p.m., and Laurentian and Waterloo Athenas at 6 p.m.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Concordia is a team - make that a progam - in transition, with a new coach, some new faces and emerging from a controversy and legacy of ineptitude that Hickey hopes is behind the team.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Hickey replaced Louisa Zerbe as head coach after last season when Zerbe resigned before the season ended over what she said was a lack of support from the Concordia athletic department.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Concordia finished last in the four-team Quebec University Women's Basketball League with a 1-11 record and missed the playoffs for the sixth consecutive year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Zerbe compiled a 5-37 league record during her four years as head coach. On Feb. 3, 1990, Concordia ended a five-year, 0-47 losing streak.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It's Hickey's second time as head coach of the Stingers. He coached the women's team from 1976 to 1985, during which Concordia reached the CIAU national tournament four times.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Upon his return, Hickey said his first priorities were to make the women's program "enjoyable again" and Concordia the class of the Quebec league.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He appears to have succeeded on the first matter, but returning Concordia to its previous glory days might take longer than anticipated.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 15, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 CanWest Interactive, a division of<br/>CanWest Global Communications Corp.<br/>All Rights Reserved</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_260"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=261>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">636 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">October</span><span class="c2"> 27, 1992, Tuesday, Final Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">GOLF</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">From news services and staff reports</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; PAGE E2; FANFARE</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">60 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">The </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Tour will stop at the Dominion Club in Richmond, for the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Dominion Open, June 3-6 at the 7,040-yard, par-72 club designed by Curtis Strange.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">A field of 138 will start.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> event has been the Ben Hogan Tour since its inception in 1990. It features young players who have not qualified for the Professional Golfers' Association Tour.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SERIES: </span><span class="c2">Occasional</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">VIRGINIA NEWS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_261"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=262>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">640 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">September</span><span class="c2"> 17, 1992, Thursday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Congressmen run race for charities</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Barbara Geehan</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 2C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">138 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Members of Congress have been running in some tight contests recently, but they will pick up the pace today in the annual </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Capital Challenge, a 3-mile charity foot race at Washington's East Potomac Park, starting at 8 a.m.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Legislators representing 25 states are signed up, including 1991 fastest Sen. Max Baucus, D-Mont., and fastest from the House: Rep. Susan Molinari, R- N.Y., and Rep. Bart Gordon, D-Tenn.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The purpose of the race, say sponsors, is to determine which branch of government is fittest - legislative, executive or judicial, or the media who cover them.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Some team names: Just Geren and Bear It, led by Rep. Pete Geren, D-Texas; Odor in the Court, led by federal Circuit Court Judge Glenn Archer Jr.; and Tipper's Taboo and Hillary Too, led by Charles Kolb, deputy assistant to the president.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Sportstalk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_262"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=263>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">641 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">WALL STREET JOURNAL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">September</span><span class="c2"> 4, 1991, Wednesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">COMPANIES JOIN POLICE IN PURSUING T-SHIRT BOOTLEGGERS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">BY JAMES CYPHERS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section B; Page 2, Column 3</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">42 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><br/><p class="c6"><span class="c2">Companies ranging from </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc to Walt Disney Co are leading charge against makers and vendors of bogus T-shirts and other apparel bearing copyrighted corporate logos and images; police departments are mobilizing, and even FBI is playing role (S)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2"> WSJ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company: Abstracts</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_263"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=264>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">646 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">August</span><span class="c2"> 2, 1992, Sunday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Sports of The Times;<br/>On Loyalty To Company, Or Country?</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By DAVE ANDERSON</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section 8; Page 1; Column 1; Sports Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">709 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">BARCELONA, Spain</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">IF the shoe fits, wear it. Especially on the Olympic gold-medal stand. And especially if you're getting paid to wear it. But if your Olympic team warm-up suit doesn't fit your portfolio of contracts, don't wear it. Especially on the gold-medal stand.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">More and more, the United States Olympic team is populated not so much by athletes from all over America as by athletes from manufacturers of athletic apparel with brand names that sound like newly discovered planets. Michael Jordan and Charles Barkley from </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span><span class="c2"> Carl Lewis from Mizuno. Dave Johnson (and his decathlon rival who didn't make the team, Dan O'Brien) from Reebok.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> In the confusion, Michael Jordan and Charles Barkley think they're here representing </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> instead of the United States.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">When the two Dream Team basketball players learned that on the gold-medal stand next Saturday night they would be expected to wear official red, white and blue United States warmup suits with the planet Reebok logo, they threatened not to appear at the ceremony.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I don't believe in endorsing my competition," Jordan said. "I feel very strongly abut loyalty to my own company."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Upon hearing of Jordan's loyalty to his company, cynics wondered about his loyalty to his country. He's here because he grew up playing basketball in the United States, not because he's an alien from the planet </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> on loan to the Olympic team.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">As for loyalty to his company, how loyal was Jordan to Coca-Cola when Gatorade offered him more money?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Gatorade's slogan is "Be Like Mike." But if he doesn't appear at the gold-medal ceremony in his official Olympic warm-up suit, a new slogan suddenly might be more fashionable: Don't Be Like Mike.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Don't be like Charles Barkley either.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Dream Team's other international diplomat explained: "Us </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> guys are loyal to </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> because they pay us a lot of money. I have two million reasons not to wear Reebok." As if those two million reasons, not to mention his other millions of reasons, were generated on the planet </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> rather than in the nation he's representing.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It's not that Jordan and Barkley didn't know this all along. According to Rule 14 of the code of conduct signed by every United States Olympic athlete, medal winners will wear apparel supplied by the United States Olympic Committee at award ceremonies.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"This rule," said Harvey Schiller, the U.S.O.C. executive director, "was approved by the Athletes Advisory Council and all athletes on our teams are expected to abide by it and all other portions of the code. It is mandatory policy that any athlete taking part in an official medal ceremoney in Barcelona will wear this apparel, without exception."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jordan signed that agreement. But as an alien from the planet </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> he crossed out Rule 14.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Reebok is one of 40 corporate sponsors that contribute $160 million to the U.S.O.C. treasury.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"The money we're getting for wearing the official warm-up suit is going to assist thousands of athletes in training," said Mike Moran, the U.S.O.C. director of public information. "No athlete will stand on the medal platform without this suit."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">To their credit, four other Dream Team members from the planet </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> have not objected to wearing the Reebok warm-up suit at the gold-medal ceremony: Chris Mullin, Scottie Pippen, David Robinson and John Stockton.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Through the years, Olympic athletes have prospered from their contracts with manufacturers of athletic shoes. When Mike Powell, another </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> alien, set the world long-jump record in Tokyo last year, Joe Douglas, the manager of Carl Lewis from the planet Mizuno, turned to Powell's agent, Brad Hunt, and said, "You just cost my guy a million dollars."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Until now, no United States Olympian ever objected to wearing the official team warm-up suit with a rival logo.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But until now, the planet </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> was never so prominent. More than four dozen aliens are on its international track-and-field roster. It's publishing a daily newletter here. It has taken out a full-page daily advertisement, entitled "The </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> News," in L'Equipe, the French sports newspaper.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is the Greek word for winged goddess of victory. But if Michael Jordan and Charles Barkley don't wear their official warm-up suits, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> will mean broken-winged goddess of greed.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">August 2, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Photo: Michael Jordan (Reuters)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_264"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=265>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">647 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">December</span><span class="c2"> 5, 1991, THURSDAY, FIVE STAR Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">IN STEP: NEW MODELS OF ATHLETIC SHOES KEEP UP SALES</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Marilou Berry Scripps Howard News Service</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">STYLE WEST; Pg. 6</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">685 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">AFTER A PERIOD of double-digit growth in the mid-1980s, the athletic footwear market has plateaued.  In 1990 the U.S. market hit $11.9 billion on 393 million pairs of athletic footwear. That represents only a 1 percent increase in units and a 10 percent sales gain, the smallest jump since 1984.  ''The overall athletic footwear market has reached a difficult point for manufacturers, as the recession and price competition from casual shoes are having some impact,'' says Sebastian DiCasoli, SGMA's director of marketing sales.  Still, despite concern over cost, four out of every 10 shoes sold in the United States are athletic-style. In addition, DiCasoli says, the possibility of strong sales for athletic footwear looks bright because of greater participation in fitness walking and the continued promotion of outdoor and cross-training shoes.  In an effort to spur the static market, companies are continuously bringing out new shoes.  ''Without a doubt, the newest meaningful development is the system of air bladders, started by Reebok,'' says Bob Gillespie, a store manager for the Allied Sporting Goods chain. ''</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> now has an air-pressure system and L.A.  Gear uses it in their R egulator Series.'' The air-pressure system provides the wearer with a custom fit. The shoe conforms to the foot, no matter what the configuration.  On the premise that if air can make a shoe conform to the foot it also can make a glove conform to the hand, Spalding and Mizuno have come out with baseball gloves featuring the air system.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">Gillespie says his most popular shoe is </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> $130 Charles Barkley model.  ''All the kids want it,'' he says, referring to the black low-cut shoe which makes the air bladder visible through the shoe's mid-sole.  ''There are probably better basketball shoes on the market but this happens to be the one that's hot right now,'' says Gillespie, whose store's price points are from $29.99 for a standard leather tennis shoe to $150 for </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> Air Force 180 high top with air-system arch and ankle supports.  Popular as the air-system shoes are, one pro shop manager and buyer is not a fan.  ''I've had a lot of bad luck with pump shoes,'' says Barbara Ensner of Evansville, Ind. ''Reebok is making a pump walking shoe in which the pump malfunctions.'' Her shop does well the </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> Challenge model, worn by top-ranked tennis pro Andre Agassi, Wilson's Pro Staff tennis shoe, and Head's Sonic, a tri-court shoe for racquetball, tennis or basketball.  Another new shoe is the $125 Brooks ''Fusion'' model, with a shock-reducing fusion plate that bends with the wearer and snaps back into place, producing a rebound effect. It's rated tops by Runner's World magazine.  ''The air bag has been around since the late '70s, but the fusion plate is newer,'' says Jim Nolan, a shoe store manager.  Nolan's best selling shoe is still </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> Air Jordan, named for Chicago Bulls forward, Michael Jordan. ''It's a basketball shoe,'' Nolan says, ''but 90 percent of my sales are not to basketball players.'' The Air Jordan has been the best selling basketball shoe at </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> since 1985, when the company signed the pro, according to </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> spokeswoman Melinda Gable.  She says a new Air Jordan will be introduced in February that will be lighter in weight ''with a more dynamic, glove-like fit.'' In the new shoe, heavier leather has been cut away. So has some material from the outsole.  After Jan. 1, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> will introduce its Air Flight Mid, worn by Scottie Pippen of the Chicago Bulls. Weighing only 14.3 ounces, the shoe has a specially constructed tongue.  </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> new running shoe is the Air Huarache that, according to Gable, ''is so lightweight it's minimalistic.'' Made without a heel counter, the shoe features a back strapping system and sells for $110.  Cross-trainers, athletic shoes that are not sports-specific, have been popular for some time. The Sports Quarters' Nolan says he ''lives in'' </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> cross-trainers, with leather upper and air bags in the heel only.  But Gable issues a warning to those who use them for sports: ''Serious athletes should get a sports shoe.''</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">October 13, 1993</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">English</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Photo; PHOTO...</span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> Reebok, New Balance and Asics fill a crowded market with more models each year.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_265"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=266>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">651 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">WALL STREET JOURNAL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">October</span><span class="c2"> 11, 1991, Friday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">WHO'S NEWS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section B; Page 7, Column 3</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">19 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><br/><p class="c6"><span class="c2">Richard K Donohue, president and chief operating officer of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc, is elected a director of Epitope Inc (S)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2"> WSJ</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company: Abstracts</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_266"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=267>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">654 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 3, 1992, Friday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">The Businessman For all his prowess on field(s), sports star has economic savvy</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">I.J. Rosenbergpersonal; business; contracts; personalities; atlanta; sports; advertising</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Section H; Page 10</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">278 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Forget Deion Sanders the baseball player. Forget Deion Sanders the football player. These days, the really impressive Deion Sanders is Deion Sanders the businessman.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He's a hair salon owner. He's a spokesman for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">. He has what his attorney describes as "a six-figure deal" with NFL Properties for trading cards. His own clothing line. His own TV show. He'd like to start his own fishing show.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"A lot of people may not realize it, but Deion is an extremely intelligent person," said attorney Eugene Parker, who represents Sanders. "And all that he does, he is looking toward his future."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">With Sanders having his best baseball season this year, Parker is receiving all types of endorsement offers for his client. The craziest?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"These people wanted to market this ball shaped like a football but painted like a baseball," Parker said. "We decided against it."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sanders's </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> deal makes him the heir apparent to that company's other two-sport spokesman, Bo Jackson, especially with Jackson's athletic future uncertain after hip-replacement surgery. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> recently released new Jackson and Sanders commercials, both done in the same style. They will debut during baseball's All-Star Game July 14. The shoe company is also making a special batting glove for Sanders.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"There is a lot around the corner, including a likely soft drink deal," said Parker.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">As much money as Sanders is bringing in now, the stakes are likely to get higher. The Falcons, who will pay him $ 750,000 this year, just offered him an extra $ 1 million to report to training camp by July 13. The Braves, who pay him $ 600,000 through July 31, want to sign him for the rest of the season.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">July 9, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH921910301</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">photo: Jamie Dukes (left), partner in "Deion's Hair Salon."</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_267"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=268>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">655 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">December</span><span class="c2"> 5, 1991, Thursday, FIRST EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">BARBIE BOOSTS SALES</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Donna Rosato</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">MONEY; Pg. 1B</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">206 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Toymaker Mattel expects record earnings this year, thanks to the popularity of its time-tested toys like the Barbie doll. Mattel Chairman and CEO John Amerman, meeting with analysts Wednesday, said he is comfortable with analysts' earnings estimates of $ 2.15 to $ 2.30 a share this year.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">Last year, Mattel earned $ 91.2 million, or $ 1.80 a share, on revenue of $ 1.47 billion. Amerm an added that he expects next year to be a growth year, too. Also, Amerman said Mattel is teaming with Fox Television to produce a line of fashion dolls based on the five lead characters in the popular television series Beverly Hills 90210. Dolls should be on the market as early as next year.<br/>&#160;<br/> CORPORATE PROFITS: The Commerce Department said corporations' after-tax profits rose 3.9% the third quarter, the first improvement after two consecutive quarterly declines.  Profits totaled a seasonally adjusted annual rate of $ 189.9 billion vs. $ 182.7 billion in the second quarter when profits fell 3.7%.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;</span><span class="c4">NIKE</span><span class="c2"> TALE: A new book tells the tale of sneaker giant </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. Swoosh: The Story of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and the Men Who Played There explains </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> ups and downs and how some of its most successful products came to be. (Story, 4C.)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Moneyline</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_268"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=269>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">656 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Age (Melbourne, Australia)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 27, 1992 Monday</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>Late Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Olympic glory is a shoo-in for Jordan, Bubka</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Garry Linnell</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">NEWS; Pg. 27</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">647 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">The shoe salesman from North Carolina sat with his hands clasped and spoke nicely about his golf game, his two children and what a privilege it was to be there. His fellow salesman from the Ukraine smiled and agreed.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In front of them sat more than 1000 representatives of the world's media. Flashes popped and television cameras recorded every nuance and every word. Selling shoes had never been easier.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mind you, these were not your average shoe salesmen. No squeezing small shoes on to smelly, blistering feet for these two. One of them, Michael Jordan, the man from North Carolina who now plies his trade in Chicago, earns more than $25million a year. Sergei Bubka, too, lives comfortably.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">These are the Olympics and another round of Shoe Wars has begun. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, Reebok and a host of other shoe companies are all in Barcelona flogging their merchandise and reminding everyone how many champions they have signed to their labels.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It was </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> turn on the weekend to do the boasting and it used Jordan and world pole-vault record-holder Bubka to do it. A cinema in downtown Barcelona was booked for the event and 15minutes before the media conference began the place was packed.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">For 50minutes Jordan and Bubka answered questions, and when you left, you felt as though you had spent half a day at a convention of advertising agents. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> signs hung from platforms and, outside in the street, a red bus with an inflated shoe pumped out loud rock music. It was all tacky, contrived and, in the end, completely meaningless.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I'm not here because of money," said Jordan, referring to playing in the Olympics. "</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> did not influence me (to come). I came strictly on my own intitiative." But what did he feel about the way sport has been commercialised, particularly since he was sitting on a stage wearing his sponsor's products and endorsing what a terrific bunch of blokes they were? "Commercialism is a part of all professional sports," he said. "It's a way of life." That was about as interesting as it got. The rest of the time was spent either listening to sycophantic questions about how wonderful it must be to be able to soar like a bird, or listening to dull replies, several of which sounded suspiciously as though they had been rehearsed for a few minutes outside.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Of course, the media has no one but itself to blame. With Jordan's fame at such a peak around the world _ it is claimed he is the most recognisable sporting figure on the planet these days, usurping Muhammed Ali _ he has said the same things over and over until he has to click off and turn to autopilot. Yes, it's a privilege to play in the Games.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Yes, I love playing golf. Yes, it's tough being me and not having a great deal of privacy.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Yes, Michael Jordan has very little privacy. When the grindingly long NBA season is on, he spends most of his time confined to a hotel room, unable to walk the streets for fear of being mobbed. He cannot do the little things. No late evening stroll with an ice-cream. No popping into the pub for a few beers with the boys. He can't even go to a public toilet. At least there he has an advantage over the rest of us.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Dream Team has been criticised in Barcelona for not living in the Athlete's Village, preferring instead the security and comfort of a five-star hotel. They dropped in the other day, explained Jordan, but felt the atmosphere would not have been conducive to a good preparation for the basketball tournament. Being in the village would be the same as living outside in the glare of the public. Athletes would be asking for autographs and pictures, small-time officials would be hanging from their shirt-tails.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">So instead, Jordan lives on his own and occasionally drops into planned media conferences to flog his sponsor's products. Then he departs just as quickly to go back and hide inside the bubble that is his private life. Shoe salesmen never had it so tough.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">July 20, 2007</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">PUBLICATION-TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Newspaper</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Age Company Limited<br/>All Rights Reserved</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_269"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=270>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">661 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">February</span><span class="c2"> 20, 1991, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">THE MEDIA BUSINESS: ADVERTISING;<br/>Campaign for British Knights to Escalate Sneaker Wars</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Kim Foltz</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section D; Page 17; Column 1; Financial Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">578 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">THE latest volley in the sneaker wars will be fired tonight during the Grammy Awards show in commercials for British Knights athletic shoes that use an updated version of a classic insult.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The $15 million campaign, created by the Deutsch agency, uses the theme "Your mother wears </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> -- choose change," to warn young buyers that wearing sneakers from the older, more established market leader is "un-cool."</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Donny Deutsch, the agency's executive vice president and creative director, said the company wanted to use a twist on "Your mother wears combat boots" to make the point that Reebok and </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> were no longer on the cutting edge.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We want to be seen as the sneakers for rebellious young people," he added. "Reebok and </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> have become so mainstream they're the sneaker of choice for little old ladies."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">To make that point, one commercial features a group of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">-clad, gray-haired women gossiping as they lounge around a tennis court. The spot tells viewers to "choose change," then shows a lineup of flashy British Knights shoes decorated with brightly colored stripes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Another ad tells young viewers that even though they inherited their parents' genes, they need not follow in mom and dad's footsteps, implying that the only "hip" sneakers are British Knights.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"From a technical standpoint, all of the shoes are basically the same," said Larry Schwartz, an executive vice president at British Knights, which are made by Jack Schwartz Shoes Inc., New York. "We think we can stand out by being more fashion-oriented."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Officials of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. did not return calls yesterday seeking comment on the British Knights campaign.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The potshots from British Knights are part of an increasingly aggressive battle being waged by sneaker makers. Earlier this year, Reebok International began a campaign that taunted the athletes Michael Jordan and Bo Jackson, well-known endorsers of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. products.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In one spot for the Reebok Pump sneaker, which has an inflatable sole that the wearer can adjust by squeezing a bulb in the shoe's tongue, Dominique Wilkins, the Atlanta Hawks basketball player, says, "So Michael, my man, if you want to fly first class . . . pump up and air out," as he tosses away a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air sneaker, which has an air-filled sole but is not adjustable.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In addition, L. A. Gear Inc. has been running a commercial for its Catapult sneaker that uses the slogan "Everything else is just hot air" to take a shot at the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air shoe.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Advertising in the $5.5 billion sneaker category has become more aggressive as growth in the market has slowed and the industry's leaders have found it difficult to gain a technological edge.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Spending on sneaker advertising has risen substantially. Last year, the top three companies -- </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> Reebok and L. A. Gear -- increased ad expenditures from an estimated $70 million in 1989 to about $115 million. Mr. Schwartz, whose company is ranked No. 7 in the industry, said that on average, sneaker companies spend from 5 percent to 7 percent of total retail sales on advertising.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Part of the reason for the jump in spending is the hefty fees paid to well-known athletes like Mr. Jordan and Mr. Jackson, who get $5 million to $10 million for endorsements.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The flood of sports celebrities in sneaker ads has drawn criticism from some agency executives who said the glut of personalities tended to cause confusion and made it hard for consumers to remember which sports stars wore what shoes.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">February 20, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_270"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=271>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">664 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 31, 1992, Friday, Final Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">NOTEBOOK;<br/>Questions of Dream Team's Attire Are Raising Ire</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">From News Services and Staff Reports</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; PAGE D7</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">662 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">BARCELONA, July 30, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Michael Jordan wants to just do it in </span><span class="c4">Nikes</span><span class="c2">. So do David Robinson, Charles Barkley, John Stockton, Scottie Pippen and Karl Malone, all of them endorsers of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, the clothing/sporting goods manufacturer.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But the USOC said Jordan and his Dream Team teammates will have to wear the Reebok-made USA team warmups to be in medal ceremonies.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">On Wednesday, Jordan said while he did sign a code of conduct agreement, he crossed out the section that requires athletes to wear the official team uniform.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"They [USOC] accepted it [when he mailed back]. I didn't get it back. They know my concerns. No one has come to me personally and said, 'You better have the Reebok uniform on when you step on the stand,' " Jordan said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In a statement issued by the USOC, Executive Director Harvey W. Schiller said: "The matter of the offical award warmup suit which is mandatory for all U.S. athletes at medal ceremonies is an official policy of the United States Olympic Committee and included in the code of conduct for all members of our delegation.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"This rule was approved by the Athletes' Advisory Council and all athletes on our teams are expected to abide by it and all other portions of the code."</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Steinbrenner Steps In</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">George Steinbrenner will take over medical school expenses for Olympic swimmer Ron Karnaugh, whose father died of a heart attack at the Opening Ceremonies.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I'm going to do everything I can to help the young man," Steinbrenner, a vice president of the USOC, said Thursday.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Steinbrenner was with U.S. officials and Karnaugh's mother when they woke up the swimmer early Sunday with the news his father had died.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The family's trip to Barcelona was financed by neighbors in Maplewood, N.J. The death of Peter Karnaugh, a truck driver, left the family with nothing, Steinbrenner said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Steinbrenner said he talked with one of Karnaugh's sisters about the bills that would arrive after he enters University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey in Newark next month.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Meanwhile, Karnaugh has received a letter of support from speed skater Dan Jansen, who endured a similar tragedy at the 1988 Winter Games.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jansen's sister, Jane Beres, died five hours before he skated in the 500-meter race at Calgary. He fell in that race and again after leading the 1,000-meter race later in the week.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Don't Make a Case Out of It</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">International Amateur Athletic Federation President Primo Nebiolo called on other sporting federations to help combat the growing problem of athletes appealing to civil courts.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">American sprinter Butch Reynolds, suspended for two years after testing positive for drugs, won a U.S. Supreme Court injunction in June allowing him to compete in the U.S. Olympic trials.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The IAAF decided to take no further action against Reynolds before the Olympics but the subject seems certain to come up at a council meeting after the Games end Aug. 9. At the moment Reynolds can compete starting Aug. 12.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"The problem of civil cases is becoming a real problem for sport in the world," Nebiolo told a news conference.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"In athletics it's not so important because we now have 202 countries affiliated and fortunately in the big majority of these countries we don't have cases of athletes appealing to the civil courts. But, in fact, it can happen. That example can be followed and this can create a certain chaos in our organizations."</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Straight Arrow</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Antonio Rebollo, the disabled archer whose blazing arrow lit the Olympic flame, said he had been shabbily treated by Games organizers who cast him aside after the Opening Ceremonies.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In an interview with Spanish daily Diario 16, Rebollo said the organizing committee had been "pretty inconsiderate."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I know some people at the top of COOB were against using me. They only decided on me because I could guarantee I wouldn't miss," said Rebollo, a polio victim and medal winner in two Paralympic Games.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Rebollo said he was given only two hours' notice he had been chosen as archer.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SERIES: </span><span class="c2">Occasional</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">NATIONAL NEWS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_271"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=272>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">668 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">December</span><span class="c2"> 27, 1992, Sunday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">COMMENTARY Like a broken record, Sanders goes for broke</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Mark Bradleyfootball; personalities; behavior; atlanta/falcons</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Section E; Page 2</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">648 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Say this for Deion Sanders: He is lending truth to advertising. In one </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> ad, the cynic/comedian/chain smoker Denis Leary said of Sanders: "He's out of control." </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> copywriters meant this as a compliment, a synonym for "wacky" or "zany." But on Monday night against Dallas, Sanders wasn't wacky or zany. He was simply . . .</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Out of control.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Watching Sanders that night was akin to watching a child throw a protracted fit. Clearly Sanders wasn't having one of his better games, but that wasn't the disconcerting part. (Goodness knows, we've all seen Falcons mess up before.) What was truly nettling was Sanders's apparent resolve to remain the absolute center of attention at every moment.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">An actor who overemotes is said to be chewing the scenery. On Monday night Sanders chewed so much scenery as to render the Georgia Dome an open-air facility. His actions suggested that if he wasn't allowed to make a spectacular play, the game just wasn't worth playing. Sorry. This is not how football, or any sport, works.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">For every lookaway pass Earvin Johnson made on the fast break, he made 20 of the mundane sort in the half-court offense. For every one of Jerry Rice's 100-plus touchdowns, he has caught five 10-yard outs. Breathtaking moments come as a function of fundamentals, not as a counterpoint. Even if the big moment never presents itself, a game can be won in several smaller moments.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Every play isn't meant for highlight films</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">On Monday night, Sanders was too busy playing to the ABC cameras to worry about details. Let us recount the ways:</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In the second quarter, Troy Aikman hit Michael Irvin on a slant. Sanders, assigned to cover, missed the tackle. Irvin continued downfield. Custom calls for a man who misses a tackle to hop up and pursue. Instead Sanders, among the world's fastest humans, stayed on his knees for long seconds, his arms outstretched in disbelief.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Later in the second quarter, Dallas kicked off to Sanders deep in the end zone. Sanders made no move to run the ball. Neither did he drop to a knee and down it. Instead he stood in the end zone, railing at the injustice of not being allowed to return this kick. Was he about to rail himself into a safety? No. Though screaming is not considered the universal symbol for a touchback, the nearest official finally granted Sanders one.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In the third quarter, Sanders fumbled on a kickoff return. On the next play, Emmitt Smith broke a half-dozen tackles to score. Sanders arrived just in time to shove him through the end zone and under one of the Dome's walls. If it wasn't quite a cheap shot, neither was it a serious attempt to make a tackle. (Serious tacklers don't shove opponents into the end zone.) It was merely a petulant gesture.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Speaking of petulance . . . Sanders returned to the Falcon sideline and smashed an aluminum bench. Naturally, ABC caught it all.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In the fourth quarter, Dallas kicked off for the last time. Sanders fielded the ball on his 2 and took it into the end zone. This time he kneeled down, forgetting that a touchback cannot be granted if the ball is carried into the end zone. The official, acting properly, made no signal. Had a Cowboy tagged the kneeling Sanders, it would've been a safety. At the last moment, Sanders jumped up and ran out to the Falcons' 26.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Hey, I admit it. Time was, Sanders's antics cracked me up. I still laugh when I think of him breaking up a pass against New England, then running in front of the Patriots' bench and thumping his chest. But he's no rookie anymore. He's a 25-year-old All-Pro. He's better than this.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">To date, Sanders has been lucky. None of his excesses has cost his team a game - yet. (The end zone lateral against Phoenix came close.) But he has to realize that every single play isn't meant for the highlight film, or the sneaker ad. To steal from Denis Leary, I've got two words for Mr. Deion Sanders:</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Grow up.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">January 4, 1993</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH930040043</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_272"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=273>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">669 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 23, 1992, Thursday, FIRST EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Photos that embarrassed UNLV obtained by fluke</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 11C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">380 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The anonymous source who provided the photos of a sports fixer and Nevada- Las Vegas basketball players that led to the resignation of UNLV basketball coach Jerry Tarkanian has come forward 14 months later to reveal how he got the shots.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Lamont Sudbury, 33, an architectural designer, says he obtained the photos by accident from the ex-wife of convicted sports fixer Richard Perry. The pictures, published by the Las Vegas Review-Journal in May 1991, showed Perry in a hot tub with former Rebels players Anderson Hunt, David Butler and Moses Scurry.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Tarkanian, who had been involved in a 14-year battle with the NCAA, resigned several days after the photos were published. He now coaches the NBA San Antonio Spurs.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sudbury says he got the photos from Perry's ex-wife, Joanne, with whom he had been romantically involved. She had asked him to take photos of an architectural project he completed at the Perry home, but, said Sudbury, she mistakenly returned the wrong photos, giving him the hot-tub negatives instead.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''Like everybody else in Las Vegas,'' said Sudbury in a statement, ''I was aware of an article in Time magazine that had pointed out Mr. Perry's connections to the Boston College point-shaving incident.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''However, I did not decide to do anything with the pictures until the spring of 1991, when the Review-Journal reported that Mr. Perry continued to be seen on the fringes of the UNLV program.''<br/>&#160;<br/> OLYMPICS: U.S. athletes expect to wear their </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> apparel in Barcelona, even though a Spanish court rejected </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> final appeal in a multimillion- dollar trademark feud, the U.S. Olympic Committee said Wednesday. The decision by Spain's highest appeals court makes it a virtual certainty that </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> will have to comply with an order barring it from selling or advertising apparel in Spain. But the entire U.S. track and field team has a contract to wear </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> apparel. And many other athletes wear </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoes.<br/>&#160;<br/> BOWLING: Twin brothers Mike and Mark Scroggins of Amarillo, Texas, regained the lead through five rounds Wednesday in the $ 142,500 Beaumont (Texas) Doubles Classic. Mike averaged 238 for his last eight games and won six of those. Mark has a 12-4 match-play record overall. They totaled 15,587 pins.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Compiled by Ben Brown</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Update</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_273"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=274>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">670 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">April</span><span class="c2"> 5, 1992, Sunday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Slammin', With In-Your-Face Color</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section 1; Part 2; Page 46; Column 1; Style Desk; Fashion Page</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">467 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sneaker wearers are attracted to the colors of the shoes as much as to their touted technological advances, like air pumps and gel-filled heels.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Athletic shoes can be matched to sports outfits and street clothes. And there seems to be a color -- or a combination of colors -- for every taste, now that companies like </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and Reebok are mixing colors in their athletic-shoe designs. Their choices are influenced by the fashion, surfing and ski industries.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Basketball, running, cross-training and aerobics shoes are emerging in bright colors like "kiwi" and "aruba blue." Tinker Hatfield, creative director of </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> said "women who take aerobics are generally interested in color because they want their sneakers to match their outfits." Other styles, like tennis and walking shoes, combine ecologically correct earth tones.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> colors for spring range from gray, jade and teal to rust, olive and tan. The women's Air Elite Max at $90 combines turquoise, lime green and white; the men's Air Trainer Max is yellow, black, gray and white and sells for $115.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Michael Jordan of the Chicago Bulls basketball team changed the way basketball shoes are colored, Mr. Hatfield said. In 1987, Mr. Jordan wore game shoes that matched his red and black Chicago Bulls uniform. He now helps design his line of shoes for </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span><span class="c2"> The distinctive Air Jordan, $130, is fashioned in black, yellow, fuchsia, gray, and green. It has a matching sole bearing Mr. Jordan's silhouette on the heel.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoes are sold in Manhattan at Footlocker, Lady Footlocker, Paragon Sporting Goods and Herman's.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Pamela Bennett-Boucher, trend and color forecasting manager for Reebok, likes to mix color with graphics and abstract patterns. Her shoes for spring feature earth tones. The Boulevard ($69.99), designed for outdoor basketball, comes in charcoal with clay-colored trim.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Ms. Bennett-Boucher has colored the soles of women's aerobics shoes, taking advantage of all that kicking and high-stepping. The Aerobic Lite 7000, at $74.99, is done in mandarin or hot pink on white. "There is unexpected excitement when the upper is mostly white and there is a burst of color on the soles," she said, adding that softer colors like seagreen and pink are also popular.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">She uses what she calls more aggressive colors -- black, copper, orange and metallics like pewter -- for the Pump step trainer, $109.99, to give the shoe an industrial look.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">For men, the runner's Pump, $129.99, is done in white, sapphire blue, and bright purple. Ms. Bennett-Boucher says men don't usually wear such interesting colors, but they do tend to want colors that stand out on a running track.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In Manhattan, Reebok shoes are sold at Athletes' Foot, Paragon Sporting Goods, Herman's, Bloomingdale's, Macy's, and other major department stores.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">April 5, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Photos of fashions</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_274"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=275>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">671 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 11, 1991, Thursday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> camp's fabulous 5 turns out as expected</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Valerie Lynn Dorsey; Mark Coomes</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 8C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">368 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Scouts skipped the surprises in compiling a consensus list of the best players at the </span><span class="c4">Nike/</span><span class="c2">ABCD high school basketball camp, which concluded Tuesday in Indianapolis.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> fabulous five are already fixtures on college coaches' most-wanted lists.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- 6-9 center Othella Harrington of Jackson (Miss.) Murrah, the camp's second-leading rebounder (5.9 a game) and fourth-best field-goal shooter (55.8%). Averages are lower because campers played only half of each game.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- 6-7 small forward Corliss Williamson of Russellville (Ark.) High, the No. 9 scorer (8.9 ppg).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- 7-foot center Rashard Griffith of Chicago King, the No. 6 rebounder (4.9).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- 6-7 swingman Rodrick Rhodes of Jersey City St. Anthony, who was not among statistical leaders but helped St. Anthony to a No. 2 ranking in USA TODAY's final Super 25 poll last season.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- 6-4 guard Jason Kidd of Alameda (Calif.) St. Joseph Academy, who was second in steals (2.5) and third in assists (3.6).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Scouts did add one new name to high school basketball's social register: Damon Flint, a previously unheralded guard from Cincinnati Woodward. Flint, a 6-4 junior, ranked seventh in scoring (9.3) and fourth in three-point shooting (43.8%).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">SIGNED: Shawn Estes, a second team All-USA TODAY baseball player from Minden (Nev.) Douglas High, signed with the Seattle Mariners.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Estes, 18, was Seattle's No. 1 draft pick and the 11th player chosen overall in the June draft.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Estes, a left-hander, went 8-2 with a 0.80 ERA.  He struck out 141 in 62 innings and allowed only 15 hits.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Seattle Times reported that Estes received a $ 400,000 salary package. Included is his college education paid for by the Mariners.<br/>&#160;<br/> JUNIOR BOWLERS: Youths from the USA, Puerto Rico, six Canadian provinces, the Far East, European and Caribbean military commands, compete in the National Junior Bowling Championships July 17-21 at Woodland Bowl in Indianapolis.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A total of $ 45,000 in scholarships will go to the top four finishers in each division: girls handicap, boys handicap, girls scratch and boys scratch, plus the All-America boy and girl as decided by the participants.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">First-place finishers in each division receives a $ 5,000 scholarship.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">HIGH SCHOOLS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_275"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=276>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">672 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">May</span><span class="c2"> 10, 1991, Friday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Women get $ 25,000 incentive to 'break 25' in </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> 8K run</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Dick Patrick</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 2C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">141 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">RUNNING</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Judi St. Hilaire is trying not to think about the bonus. Lynn Jennings is thinking about it, but isn't making predictions.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The two runners could earn a $ 25,000 bonus from Clairol for breaking 25 minutes in Sunday's </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Women's Run 8K in Washington, D.C.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jennings, the 1990 and '91 world cross-country champion, set a U.S. record of 25: 07 in the race two years ago.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''I was wicked out of shape, 10 pounds overweight,'' she says. ''It was one of those days when mental desire pulls you through.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''Breaking 25 depends on opponents, tactics, weather. You can't say you're going to break a record. It has to evolve.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">St. Hilaire beat Jennings in last year's race, finishing in 25: 10. ''The bonus is the last thing I'm thinking about,'' St. Hilaire says. ''I just want to be competitive. We'll run fast because the quality is there.''</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Sportstalk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_276"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=277>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">682 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 29, 1991, Monday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Valvano set to coach </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> stars</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 2C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">139 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Former North Carolina State basketball coach Jim Valvano will return to coaching for the first time since his ouster when he joins the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> All-Star team in Europe this fall.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The team will have just one day of practice before leaving Sept. 1 for the tour of Germany and France.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Although Valvano was never accused of wrongdoing, he was forced to leave N.C. State 15 months ago, following NCAA violations by team members. But Valvano said his season as a college basketball analyst for ABC and ESPN since then has kept him sharp.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''Hey, I coached all of last year - coached my brains out,'' he said. ''I never lost a game, either.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Valvano said he was assured of at least one victory against the German national team.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''I'll have (NBA All-Stars) Charles Barkley and David Robinson playing for me for that game,'' he said.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Sportstalk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_277"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=278>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">685 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">January</span><span class="c2"> 30, 1992, Thursday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">SPORTS PEOPLE: PRO BASKETBALL;<br/>Jordan Reserves Rights</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section B; Page 13; Column 3; Sports Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">85 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">MICHAEL JORDAN has told the National Basketball Association it may no longer sell apparel bearing his image, giving </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. those rights exclusively.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Oregonian in Portland, Ore., yesterday reported Jordan's decision, confirmed by the league. The move, unprecedented in the N.B.A., means millions of dollars.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The 28-year-old Jordan, who led the Chicago Bulls to their first N.B.A. championship last year, is among the most charismatic -- and profitable -- personalities in the league. (AP)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">January 30, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_278"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=279>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">687 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">MTI Econews</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">February</span><span class="c2"> 20, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7">-Fiocchi JV set up</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">NEWS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">266 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">&#160;&#160; Budapest, February 20, 1991 (MTI-ECONEWS) - Niktrokemia<br/> (</span><span class="c4">Nike)</span><span class="c2"> Industrial Plants, based at Fuzfo, Western Hungary,<br/> and the Italian company Fiocchi, have just set up a JV under<br/> the name </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">-Fiocchi Sports Ammunition Manufacturing, Ltd.</span><span class="c2">&#160;<br/></span><span class="c2">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; The JV's initial capital of 10.4 million USD is equally<br/> shared by two partners.<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; The Italian partner contributed cash to the venture,<br/> with the Hungarian chemical company putting up the site and<br/> premises of its old gunpowder manufacturing plant.<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; The JV's aim is to manufacture and distribute bullets<br/> for hunting, sports and industrial purposes, and also to<br/> design and assemble fireworks and pyrotechnical products.<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; The JV has injected 4 million USD of the initial capital<br/> into the purchase of Fiocchi technology and manufacturing<br/> lines.<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; The production and sales forecast is for 5 million US<br/> dollars' worth of ammunition this year and 11 million US<br/> ddollars' worth in 1992.<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; The products will be marketed in both here in Hungary<br/> and in Italy.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">February 20, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 MTI Hungarian News Agency</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_279"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=280>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">689 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">February</span><span class="c2"> 26, 1991, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">TRACK &amp; FIELD</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 9C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">743 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> FINAL INDOOR GRAND PRIX STANDINGS<br/>Final standings and prize money of the Mobil Indoor Track and Field Grand Prix (all distances in meters unless otherwise noted):<br/>MEN - 60: 1, Andre Cason, Florida Clippers, 60, $ 3,200. 2, Daron Council, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> International, 31, $ 1,600. 3, Ben Johnson, Canada, 22, $ 800. 400: 1, Michael Johnson, unattached, 30, $ 2,525. 2, Chip Jenkins, Atlantic Coast Club, 22, $ 1,262. 3 (tie), Antonio McKay, NYAC, and Patrick O'Connor, George Mason, 16, $ 316. 500: 1, Andrew Valmon, NYAC, 40, $ 2,525. 2, Mike Spangler, Shore AC, 12, $ 1,262. 3, Mark Everett, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> International, 10, $ 631. 800: 1, Stanley Redwine, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> West, 41, $ 3,200. 2, Ray Brown, Atlantic Coast Club, 39, $ 1,600. 3 (tie), Paul Ereng, Kenya, and Simon Hoogewerf, Canada, 26, $ 400. Mile: 1, Marcus O'Sullivan, New Balance TC-Ireland, 60, $ 2,800. 2, Steve Scott, Asics Tiger, 22, $ 1,400. 3, Terrence Herrington, </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> 13, $ 700. 3,000: 1, Terry Brahm, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Indiana, 30, $ 3,600. 2, Frank O'Mara, Mazda TC- Ireland, 28, $ 1,800. 3, Reuben Reina, Arkansas, 20, $ 900. 60 hurdles: 1, Greg Foster, World Class AC, 46, $ 2,525. 2, Tony Dees, Florida Clippers, 32, $ 1,262. 3, Jack Pierce, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> International, 18, $ 631. 5,000 walk: 1, Doug Fournier, Parkside Athletic Club, 36, $ 2,525. 2, Timothy Seaman, Wisconsin- Parkside, 12, $ 1,262. 3, Tim Lewis, Reebok, 10, $ 631. High jump: 1, Hollis Conway, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> International, 56, $ 3,200. 2, Rick Noji, Bee Fit TC, 44, $ 1,600. 3, Charles Austin, unattached, 31, $ 800. Pole vault: 1, Istvan Bagyula, George Mason, 58, $ 2,800. 2, Kory Tarpenning, Pacific Coast Club, 33 1/2, $ 1,400. 3, Joe Dial, NYAC, 33, $ 700.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">Long jump: 1, Gordon McKee, unattached, 30, $ 2,525. 2, Llewellyn Starks, Sport TC, 26, $ 1,262. 3, Keith Talley, Stewart Clinic, 22, $ 631. Triple jump: 1, Frank Rutherford, Houston TC, 20, $ 2,525. 2, John Tillman, unattached, 16, 1,262. 3, Charlie Simpkins, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> International, 12, $ 631. Shot put: 1, Art McDermott, NYAC, 25, $ 2,525. 2, C.J. Hunter, U.S. West TC, 22, $ 1,262. 3, Ronald Backes, NYAC, 20, $ 631. Weight throw: 1, Lance Deal, NYAC, 50, $ 2,525. 2, Jud Logan, NYAC, 12, $ 1,262. 3, Lou Chisari, New York Tech, 10, $ 631.<br/>WOMEN - 60: 1, Michelle Finn, Mazda TC, 49, $ 2,800. 2, Gwen Torrance, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> South, 40, $ 1,400. 3, Teresa Neighbors, Houston TC, 24, $ 700. 200: 1, Dannette Young, Reebok, 22, $ 2,525. 2, Rochelle Stevens, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> International, 20, $ 1,262. 3, Vivienne Spence-Gardner, Jamaica, 13, $ 631. 400: 1, Diane Dixon, Atoms TC, 73, $ 3,200. 2, Jearl Miles, Reebok, 50, $ 1,600. 3, Rochelle Stevens, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> International, 15, $ 800. 800: 1, Meredith Rainey, Atoms TC, 45, $ 2,800. 2, Joetta Clark, Joe Clark International, 38, $ 1,400. 3, Charmaine Crooks, Canada, 36, $ 700. Mile: 1, Suzy Favor, Reebok, 60, $ 3,200. 2, Alisa Harvey-Hill, Southern California Cheetahs, 47, $ 1,600. 3 (tie), Debbie Bowker, Canada, and Gina Procaccio, Sallie Mae TC, 13, $ 400. 3,000: 1, PattiSue Plumer, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> International, 20, $ 2,525. 2, Shelly Steely, Mizuno TC, 12, $ 1,262. 3, Trina Painter, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Texas, and Patty Weigand, Tennessee, 10, $ 316. 60 hurdles: 1, Kim McKenzie, Mazda TC, 54, $ 2,525. 2, LaVonna Martin, Reebok, 40, $ 1,262. 3, Tananjalyn Stanley, Sport TC, 15, $ 631. 3k walk: 1, Debbi Lawrence, Parkside AC, 56, $ 2,525. 2, Victoria Herazo, California Walkers, 27, $ 1,262. 3, Teresa Vaill, Natural Sport, 26, $ 631. High jump: 1, Yolanda Henry, Mazda TC, 50, $ 2,525. 2, Angie Bradburn, unattached, 24, $ 1,262. 3, Jan Wohlschlag, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> International, 15, $ 631. Long jump: 1, Carol Lewis, Santa Monica TC, 20, $ 2,525. 2, Shunta Rose, UNLV, 16, $ 1,262. 3, Cindy Greiner, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Coast, 12, $ 631. Triple jump: 1, Juliana Yendork, unattached, 20, $ 2,525. 2, Robyne Johnson, unattached, 12, $ 1,262. 3, Kim Batten, Florida State, 6, $ 631. Shot put: 1, Connie Price-Smith, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> North, 40, $ 2,525. 2, Ramona Pagel, Mazda TC, 12, $ 1,262. 3, Peggy Pollock, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Coast, 6, $ 631. Weight throw: 1, Sonja Fitts, St. John's, 20, $ 2,525. 2, Angela Vaughn, Rutgers, 12, $ 1,262. 3, Sondra Hinson, Rutgers, 6, $ 631.<br/>Overall standings - Men: 1 (tie), Andre Cason and Marcus O'Sullivan, 60, $ 10,500. 3, Istvan Bagyula, 58, $ 7,000. 4, Hollis Conway, 56, $ 5,000. 5, Lance Deal, 50, $ 3,000. Women: 1, Diane Dixon, 73, $ 12,000. 2, Suzy Favor, 60, $ 9,000. 3, Debbi Lawrence, 56, $ 7,000. 4, Kim McKenzie, 54, $ 5,000. 5 (tie), Yolanda Henry and Jearl Miles, 50, $ 1,500.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">For the Record</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_280"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=281>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">692 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 29, 1991, Monday, Capital Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">BASKETBALL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">From news services and staff reports</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; PAGE B2; FANFARE</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">120 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Former North Carolina State basketball coach Jim Valvano will return to coaching for the first time since his resignation 15 months ago with a 10-day stint with the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> All-Star team in Europe this fall.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The team will have just one day of practice before leaving Sept. 1 for the tour of Germany and France.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We'll probably struggle," Valvano said. "They have teams that play together year to year, and our team will be more of a hodgepodge. We'll just do the best we can."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Although Valvano was never accused of wrongdoing, he was forced to leave N.C. State following NCAA violations by team members. But Valvano said his season as a college basketball analyst for ABC and ESPN since then has kept him sharp.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SERIES: </span><span class="c2">Occasional</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">NATIONAL NEWS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_281"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=282>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">693 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 7, 1992, Tuesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Anti-diet experts seek to redefine 'overweight' Focus is shifting from stick-thin bodies to women's self-acceptance, shapeliness</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Elizabeth Coady STAFF WRITERhealth; women; media; medicine; fashion</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">LIVING; Section C; Page 4</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">1145 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">There's a backlash against dieting and America's narcissistic obsession with thinness.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Dieting and stick figures are out.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Self-acceptance and shapeliness are in.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Honest imperfection is being trumpeted by a new wave of experts who contend that dieting almost always fails and frequently causes eating disorders.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Even </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> the '80s purveyor of sports gear, is getting in on the attitude, with a series of advertisements reminding women they may not be goddesses, but the ground beneath them is still worthy of worship.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We know the hype is that if you want a good life, you have to be thin," says Carole Shaw, publisher of Big Beautiful Women magazine. "You're going to have a better life, you're going to have a better guy, you're going to have a better job. If we could only be what we're not.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"In real life, people of all sizes are having good and bad lives," she says. "Being thin doesn't guarantee you a wonderful life."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In 1990, the U.S. government loosened its dietary weight guidelines, except for men and women with health problems and a propensity to carry their bulk in their belly, which has higher health risks.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"The focus was to look at a healthy weight," says Jackie Haven, a nutritionist at the U.S. Department of Agriculture. "The number may not be flattering in terms of appearance. Some may think that they still are too heavy. . . . But in terms of their health, it may not make a difference."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The about-face is being hailed as a breakthrough by weight-control experts emphasizing dieters' self-esteem over weight. The experts are attempting to teach individuals to use food for nutritional reasons rather than as a sedative or a pastime.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I'm thrilled that finally people are recognizing what women have known forever: that diets don't work," says Carol M. Munter, a New York psychotherapist and co-author of "Overcoming Overeating" (Addison-Wesley, $ 15.34). "People are finally beginning to take the evidence seriously and give up dieting."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We get put on diets because we live in a culture that refuses to acknowledge that people come in different shapes and sizes," she says.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">At the University of Toronto, "We spend most of our time helping these women realizing that they deserve to be respected," says Dr. Janet Polivy, a dieting researcher.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Diets 'don't work'</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Experts are also trying to convince dieters, most of whom are women, to take their lives off hold. Many overweight people postpone job and social opportunities with the idea of losing weight.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"One woman who went through the program was waiting to apply for a job promotion until she lost 50 pounds," says Dr. Polivy, who pointed out to the woman that she had been at the job three years. The woman applied for the promotion and got it.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The new approach is advocated for individuals just a few pounds away from their ideal figure as well as to obese people.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Diets "don't work any better for people who are 400 pounds than for people who are 20 pounds overweight," says Susan Wooley, an associate professor of psychiatry at the University of Cincinnati who began studying obesity in 1969. "We keep deluding ourselves."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">As a college student, 5-foot-6 Susan Copeland of Marietta was a trim 128 pounds. But through the years she gradually grew to her current 153 pounds.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">About 18 months ago, she tried dropping 10 pounds by using liquid diets and skipping an occasional meal. The weight stayed on, and the 34- year-old medical assistant stopped trying about six months ago.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Since people tell me that I don't look that weight, that helps me deal with it better," she says. "I'm just content right now. . . . My priority is to eat right and to exercise and to just be healthy."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">At 300 pounds, Judi Dandy of Stone Mountain used to peer into the mirror and see a fat, ugly, worthless woman. "For so many years I had been down on myself simply because of my size," she says.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">She tried dieting but always regained the weight. "After I gained the last 100 pounds back, I said, 'The hell with this.' "</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The 48-year-old says she's become happier and more sociable and has begun eating more healthfully since she stopped dieting. Her weight stabilized at 275 pounds.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">While the new approach is welcomed by those who once struggled to be svelte, other experts say advising severely overweight individuals not to worry is foolhardy at best - and even dangerous.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"If you don't want to call it a diet, that's all right," says Dr. Reubin Andres, clinical director of the National Institute on Aging Gerontology Research Center. "But you have to control food intake. . . . To just say, 'Be happy with your body,' I can't do that."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The risk of being obese</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Severely overweight individuals run higher risks for developing diabetes, hypertension, coronary artery disease and early death, Dr. Andres says. But he acknowledges, "The big argument has to do with just what is the best range of weights."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Nevertheless, anti-diet experts argue that two decades of clinical observation and psychological studies show diets contribute to obesity and eating disorders. They point out that about 95 percent of people who lose weight gain it back within five years, and that "yo-yo dieting" - the cycle of gaining, losing, then gaining weight again - is suspected of causing heart disease.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"There's nothing wrong with watching what you eat," says Ms. Dandy, founder of Southeast Super Singles, who with a friend recently opened the Refinery consignment shop for large women in Alpharetta. "But when you become a fanatic and when society is so focused on the perfect bod, this is what's causing the problem."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"If there was any diet that worked, we would all go on one diet and that would be the end of it," says Ms. Shaw, who founded BBW 13 years ago. "But there's 27,000 diets out there."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Dieters are also more likely to binge, says Dr. Polivy, who has documented differences between chronic dieters and non-dieters.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Because of this, Ms. Munter and her colleague Jane R. Hirschmann, who both counsel overweight women, eliminate any controls on the type of food clients can eat. Instead, they teach how to recognize hunger and avoid eating out of boredom, depression or anxiety.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But Dr. Andres says high diet-failure statistics should not be used to dissuade obese individuals from dieting. "It's a dismal prognosis," he says, "but it would almost be like saying, 'Look, you have cancer, we have a drug, but it's only going to cure 5 percent of the people who take it. Do you want the drug or not?' "</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But Ms. Dandy welcomes the new advice. "At one time I hated myself, and now I love myself." Counseling and tips from BBW magazine helped convince her she had value.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"People treat me with respect, and I think it's because I respect myself more," she says. "I dress in much more fashionable clothing. Before, it was like, 'What difference would it make? A fat lob is a fat lob.' "</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">July 9, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH921910181</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">photo: Judi Dandy (right) says she's happier since she gave up dieting. She and Jan Nance have opened a consignment clothing shop for large women. / WALTER STRICKLIN / Staff photo: </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has jumped on the self-acceptance bandwagon.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_282"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=283>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">695 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">June</span><span class="c2"> 27, 1991, Thursday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">New Jersey will net Anderson big shoe deal</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Mike Fish Staff writerAbS Being picked No. 2 overall by New Jersey rather than No. 3 by&#160;Sacramento not only means a bigger NBA contract for Kenny Anderson, it&#160;also means a bigger shoe contract. From a shoe marketing standpoint, a&#160;would-be pitchman's earning potential is far greater in the New York-New&#160;Jersey area than in Sacramento.  Officials at </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> confirmed the company&#160;is negotiating to add Anderson to its stable of marquee NBA talent, which&#160;includes Michael Jordan, and that he is now in position to probably&#160;demand a better shoe deal.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; SECTION F; PAGE 08</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">225 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Being picked No. 2 overall by New Jersey rather than No. 3 by&#160;Sacramento not only means a bigger NBA contract for Kenny Anderson, it&#160;also means a bigger shoe contract.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">From a shoe marketing standpoint, a would-be pitchman's earning&#160;potential is far greater in the New York-New Jersey area than in&#160;Sacramento.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Officials at </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> confirmed the company is negotiating to add&#160;Anderson to its stable of marquee NBA talent, which includes Michael&#160;Jordan, and that he is now in position to probably demand a better shoe&#160;deal.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Anderson can expect to receive a yearly shoe contract for about&#160;$ 400,000 playing in New Jersey, versus $ 300,000 in the smaller Sacramento&#160;market.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I think it's much harder to market a guy in Sacramento," said Fred&#160;Schreyer, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> director of sports marketing. "You'll be on a bad team&#160;that no one is ever going to see. While New Jersey isn't a great team and&#160;no one will see them much, either, you do have the New Jersey-New York&#160;thing and Kenny being a New York schoolboy legend."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sports agent Leigh Steinberg, who represents many of the top NFL&#160;quarterbacks, is making his first venture into the basketball arena as&#160;the agent for Nevada-Las Vegas guard Greg Anthony. Steinberg's football&#160;clients include Warren Moon, Troy Aikman and Jeff George.&#160;basketball; personalities; advertising; salaries</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">February 10, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_283"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=284>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">700 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Herald Sun</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 19, 1991 Tuesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Boys' shoes stolen</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">157 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">THREE youths threatened to stab two boys unless they handed over their expensive sport shoes yesterday, police said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Police said the three robbers chased two 13-year-old Port Melbourne boys from a light rail station near Ferras St, South Melbourne, about 4pm before swiping the runners.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The attack is part of a disturbing trend of robberies on youngsters for their expensive clothing and footwear.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Police said the robbers bundled the shoes, a $250 pair of Jordan </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> basketball shoes and a $180 pair of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Chers, into a black knapsack carried by one of the robbers.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The boys told police one youth told them to hand over their runners or they would be stabbed.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The robbers are described as aged 15 to 17, and police believe one of them had short red hair and a solid build.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Anyone with information about the attack should contact Sen. Det.Gerry Richardson, of South Melbourne CIB, on 696 0122.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> END OF STORY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 25, 2003</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2">DHS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_284"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=285>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">702 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 19, 1992, Thursday, Final Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Players vs. U.S. on Olympic Marketing;<br/>At Issue Is Control of Their Likenesses on Games-Related Apparel</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">David Aldridge, Washington Post Staff Writer</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; PAGE D4</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">533 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">It appears that only Michael Jordan is at the center of the latest controversy over the U.S. men's Olympic basketball team's licensing rights. Agents for three other Olympians, two of them yesterday, said that their clients have not been notified of any requirement to comply with an agreement to surrender their likenesses for marketing purposes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">NBA Properties, the league's marketing arm and the Olympic licensing agent for USA Basketball, had reportedly asked all Olympians to comply with an agreement under which NBA Properties would have the rights to sell apparel with their caricatures. If the players don't comply, they would be asked to resign from the team.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jordan met with his agent and attorney, ProServ's David Falk, in Annapolis yesterday to decide on a course of action.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Meanwhile, Utah's John Stockton, according to USA Today, wrote USA Basketball and said he wanted to play, no matter the guidelines. Stockton is also a ProServ client, as is New York's Patrick Ewing.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">At issue, once again, is an exclusive agreement between several players -- including Jordan -- and </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, the shoe and apparel company. Under this agreement, the players have given </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> the right to use their likenesses in the sale of apparel, including T-shirts. And several players have in the last month asked the league to stop using their likenesses in the sale of apparel.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Kyle Rote, the agent for Olympian Scottie Pippen, a teammate of Jordan on the Chicago Bulls, said the rumor about an ultimatum from the league "is not factually correct. Everyone is excited about being on the Olympic team and representing the country. . . . Michael is on a different level as far as marketing."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"The rest of us appear to be on the sidelines until further notice," another Olympian's agent said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But a league source did make contents of a March 3 letter from USA Basketball President Dave Gavitt to </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> President Phil Knight available to The Washington Post. In this letter, Gavitt warned Knight that "we reserve the right to replace any of the six [</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> represented] players on the Olympic team if </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> continues to provide resistance."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Gavitt declined to comment on the substance of any allegations, saying, "I view this whole episode, right now, as a non-story. We have 10 players [on the team] who are good players, and more important, good guys. We have acceptances from all of them and they'll honor them [the commitments]. The Olympic team is about playing for America. It's not about agents or agencies."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jordan wondered Tuesday if NBA Properties wouldn't make a profit from the sale of apparel while the players surrendered rights to do the same. NBA Properties is representing USA Basketball because USA is a nonprofit organization.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He told reporters, "If it's going to be the way they laid it out to be, then it's going to be tough to swallow -- accept their rules or send in your resignation. I'm saying, 'I'm not here to resign from the Olympics, and I'm not here to accept your guidelines.' "</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">There was no word last night on what course of action Falk and Jordan would take, with the Bulls in town to play the Washington Bullets tonight. Falk did not return telephone calls.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SERIES: </span><span class="c2">Occasional</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">NATIONAL NEWS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_285"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=286>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">704 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 27, 1992 Monday</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>Late Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">JORDAN SHOOTS A FEW FOR THE SHOE COMPANY; <br/>OLYMPIC EXTRA</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">GARRY LINNELL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPECIAL SUPPLEMENT; Pg. 1</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">534 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">BARCELONA, Sunday: The shoe salesman from Carolina sat with his hands clasped and spoke nicely about his golf game, his two children and what a privilege it was to be here. His fellow salesman from the Ukraine smiled and agreed.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In front of them sat more than 1,000 representatives of the world's media. Flashes popped and television cameras recorded every look and every word. Selling shoes had never been easier.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mind you, these were not your average shoe salesmen. No squeezing small shoes on to smelly, blistering feet for these two. One of them, Michael Jordan, the man from Carolina who now plies his trade in Chicago, earns more than $25 million a year. Sergey Bubka, too, lives comfortably.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">These are the Olympics, and another round of Shoe Wars has begun. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, Reebok and a host of other shoe companies are all in Barcelona flogging their merchandise and reminding everyone how many champions they have signed to their labels.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It was </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> turn to do the boasting on the weekend, and it used Jordan and world pole-vault record holder Bubka to do it. A cinema in downtown Barcelona was booked for the event, and 15 minutes before the conference began the place was packed.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">For 50 minutes Jordan and Bubka answered questions, and when you left you felt as though you had spent half a day at a convention of advertising agents. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> signs hung from platforms, and outside in the street a red bus with an inflated shoe pumped out loud rock music. It was all tacky, contrived, and in the end, virtually meaningless.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I'm not here because of money," said Jordan, referring to competing in the Olympics.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> did not influence me - I came strictly on my own initiative."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">What did he feel about the way sport has been commercialised, particularly since he was sitting on a stage wearing his sponsor's products and endorsing what a terrific bunch they were?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Commercialism is a part of all professional sports," he said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">That was about as interesting as it got. The rest of the time was spent listening to sycophantic questions about how wonderful it must be to be able to soar like a bird, or dull replies, several of which sounded as though they had been rehearsed for a few minutes outside.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The media has no-one but itself to blame. With Jordan's fame at a peak around the world - it is claimed he is the most recognisable sporting figure on the planet these days, usurping Muhammed Ali - he has said the same things over and over until he has to click off.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Dream Team has been criticised for not living in the Athletes' Village in Barcelona, preferring the security and comfort of a five-star hotel. They dropped in to the village the other day, explained Jordan, but felt the atmosphere would not have helped them prepare for the basketball tournament. It would be the same as living outside in the glare of the public. Athletes would be asking for autographs and pictures, he said, small-time officials would be hanging from their shirt-tails.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">So instead Jordan lives on his own and occasionally drops into a planned media conferences to flog his sponsor's products. Then he departs just as quickly to go back and hide inside the bubble which is his private life. Shoe salesmen have never had it so tough.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">July 21, 2007</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">PUBLICATION-TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Newspaper</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd<br/>All Rights Reserved</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_286"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=287>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">708 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Age (Melbourne, Australia)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">September</span><span class="c2"> 23, 1992 Wednesday</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>Late Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">In Brief</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">NEWS; Pg. 24</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">285 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">US housing boost Construction starts on new homes and apartments in the United States jumped in August at the strongest rate in 18 months, the Commerce Department said today. The annual rate of starts on new homes climbed by 10.4 per cent to a seasonally adjusted 1.24million units, after back-to-back declines.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> record </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> yesterday reported record quarterly earnings and became the first company in the sports and fitness industry to generate more than $US1 billion ($A1.38billion) in revenues during a single quarter. </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> net income for the three-month period, which ended 31 August, was $US122.59 million, or $US1.60 a share, an increase of seven per cent.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Field may hold more The minerals and energy group Devex believes its Tubridgi gasfield in the Pilbara region of Western Australia could hold much more gas than originally thought. "There could be several more times gas in Tubridgi than the 64 billion cubic feet figure used at the moment," the managing director, Mr George White, said yesterday in Perth.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">HMA profits creep up The flour miller HMA has shrugged off restructuring costs to post a net profit of just over $1.06 million for 1991-92, up 11 per cent from the previous year. The company said in a statement yesterday that the profit result was achieved despite a drop in sales revenue of 16 per cent to $102 million.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">YSL in sharp fall Yves Saint Laurent, one of the most famous Paris fashion houses, suffered a sharp fall in net profits from 41 million francs ($A11.2 million) in the first half of 1991 to 2.6 million francs in the same period this year, reflecting the depressed state of the global luxury goods market. The company stressed that the first half was traditionally slack.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">July 20, 2007</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">PUBLICATION-TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Newspaper</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Age Company Limited<br/>All Rights Reserved</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_287"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=288>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">710 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">November</span><span class="c2"> 17, 1992, Tuesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Reebok takes a fashionable turn</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS; Section F; Page 2</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">225 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Last time Reebok tried to sell its sneakers with fashion ads in 1989, the campaign went over like brown shoes with a tuxedo.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> - hyping its sneakers for their performance - jumped past stumbling Reebok to become the nation's No. 1 athletic shoemaker.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Now Reebok is trying fashion ads again to try to gain ground on archrival </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> - which has 30 percent of the U.S. market compared with Reebok's 26 percent.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">This time Reebok's campaign is smarter: It's for only one line, the "classic" soft leather aerobics shoe. And the fashion pitch is refashioned to seem more like a performance pitch.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The target: the same people who bought the shoes in the mid-1980s.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The estimated $ 5 million magazine campaign features thirtysomething men and women engaging in recreational activities - biking, touch football - but clearly taking it easy, and looking good in Reeboks. The slogan: "Reebok Classic. Never Gets Old."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">David Ropes, vice president of marketing services for Reebok, says the ads capture the "emotional relationship" people have with the old shoes, as opposed to Reebok's newfangled, high-tech sneakers, such as The Pump.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The ads are running in People, Esquire and GQ, among other magazines. They were created by Mullen Advertising of Hamilton, Mass., the same agency that created the successful campaign for Smart Food popcorn.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 21, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH923260156</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">photo: Reebok New ads for "classic" Reeboks promote the aerobics shoes as a blend of fashion and performance.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_288"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=289>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">712 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">January</span><span class="c2"> 23, 1991, Wednesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Dooley's outside' windfall; Non-coaching revenue 2 1/2 times of base salary</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By David Davidson Staff writeruga; football; basketball; personnel; salaries; benefits; advertising;&#160;endorsements; earnings</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; SECTION E; PAGE 01</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">223 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Vince Dooley, man of many hats, made at least $ 374,000 in 1986 for -&#160;among other things - wearing many hats.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">An Alabama company that makes Georgia hats gave Dooley, whose salary&#160;as football coach and athletics director at the time was $ 95,000, 12&#160;dozen hats and paid him 2 percent of the gross sales of Bulldogs hats.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Dooley's 1986 income was the subject of a three-year court fight&#160;between Dooley and The Journal-Constitution. The Georgia Supreme Court&#160;recently ordered Dooley, who retired as football coach Jan. 1, 1989, but&#160;remains athletics director, plus basketball coaches Hugh Durham and Andy&#160;Landers to disclose their incomes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A similar case, seeking the outside incomes of athletics officials&#160;at Georgia Tech, including athletics director Homer Rice, football coach&#160;Bobby Ross and basketball coach Bobby Cremins, is pending in Superior&#160;Court.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Dooley's outside income is by no means unusual. Last year, for&#160;instance, Notre Dame football coach Lou Holtz's salary was $ 90,000, but&#160;his total income $ 750,000.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Dooley made more than 2 1/2 times his base salary by being a media&#160;personality (nearly $ 200,000 from TV and radio contracts), a shoe&#160;salesman ($ 30,000 for endorsing </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> footwear), an orator ($ 12,000 from&#160;speaking engagements) and a camp counselor ($ 5,250 from the Bulldog&#160;Football Camp).</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">February 10, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Color Photo: Former Georgia coach Vince Dooley more than tripled his base&#160;salary with outside income in 1986. / Calvin Cruce / Staff&#160;Chart: Dooley's dollars&#160;Vince Dooley earned more than $ 374,000 as Georgia's football coach in&#160;1986, according to documents obtained by the Atlanta Journal-&#160;Constitution.&#160;Source...................Description.........Amount/value&#160;University of Georgia....Coaching salary.....$ 95,000.00&#160;.........................Expenses.............$ 4,500.00&#160;.........................Annuity premium.....$ 26,000.00&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike.</span><span class="c2">....................Endorsement fee.....$ 30,000.00&#160;.........................Merchandise..........$ 2,000.00&#160;Georgia football network Postgame show.......$ 30,000.00&#160;.........................Tailgate show........$ 9,000.00&#160;WGST radio...............Call-in show.........$ 6,000.00&#160;Loran Smith Co...........TV show............$ 152,341.77&#160;Other endorsements.......Caps, clothing, etc..$ 2,406.12&#160;Speaking engagements.....Honorarium..........$ 12,000.00&#160;Bulldog Football Camp....Coaching fee.........$ 5,250.00&#160;Total.......................................$ 374,497.89&#160;Some provisions of shoe contract&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> provides 300 pairs of shoes for use by football team; 100 pairs of&#160;shoes for the team if it goes to a bowl.&#160;Minimum 14 days notice for personal appearances, which shall last no more&#160;than six hours at one time, 24 hours including travel time.&#160;$ 500 in merchandise for 12 assistants.&#160;Contract canceled if Dooley "ceases for any reason to be the head coach&#160;of the University of Georgia football team."&#160;Value: $ 32,000&#160;Some provisions of cap contract&#160;Dooley must wear cap during football games and "encourage each member of&#160;the Georgia athletic and coaching staff . . . to wear the Georgia cap."&#160;Company provides Dooley with 12 dozen caps per year.&#160;Company will not use Dooley's photo in promotions without Dooley's&#160;approval. Dooley gets 2 percent of gross sales of Georgia caps; he gets&#160;financial statement and has access to company books.&#160;Value: $ 2,406.12&#160;Durham, Landers also benefit from endorsements / E9</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_289"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=290>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">714 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">February</span><span class="c2"> 14, 1991, Thursday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">GAMES &amp; FACES; Bo knows just how to rock the media if he's on a roll</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Tom Whitfieldsports; personalities</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; SECTION G; PAGE 02</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">765 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Among the things Bo Jackson knows is how to give the media short&#160;rations. But it was a different story this week in Portland, Ore., where&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., one of Jackson's many employers, decided to hold a news&#160;conference for high school journalists.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">With two of his own children watching from a balcony above, Jackson&#160;charmed the group with stories about his poor upbringing in rural Alabama&#160;and how he became rich and famous.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">His description of himself: "A nappy-headed kid who threw rocks&#160;better than some people could shoot a gun."; Caddyshack update</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Occasionally, Sheryl Calcavecchia serves as caddie for her husband&#160;Mark at PGA Tour events. Noting that caddies' salaries often involve a&#160;percentage of the player's earnings, Mark observed:</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"She's the only one I know of who gets 100 percent."; The Doctor is out</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In his new book "Valvano: They Gave Me a Lifetime Contract, and Then&#160;They Declared Me Dead," former N.C. State basketball coach Jim Valvano&#160;explains why he's working as a TV announcer instead of a scout.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In the late 1960s, while coaching the freshman team at Rutgers for&#160;Bill Foster, Valvano was sent to Long Island to check out a 6-foot-3&#160;center touted by his brother. Valvano wasn't impressed, and here's the&#160;rest of the story:</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Oh, the kid visited Rutgers on his own anyway and still seemed very&#160;interested, but I convinced Foster he couldn't play at our level and that&#160;we should go after another player named Alan Cotler.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I lost Cotler to Penn. He's now a lawyer in Philadelphia. I lost&#160;track of the other kid. He was in Philly, too, but I think he became a&#160;doctor or something. You ever hear of him? Kid's name is Julius Erving."; A fresh start</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Rudy Galindo is back at the U.S. Figure Skating Championships this&#160;year, but as a solo performer, rather than as a defending pairs champion,&#160;now that his former partner, Kristi Yamaguchi, has decided to concentrate&#160;on her solo career.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Galindo has made one more adjustment in returning to singles for the&#160;first time since 1988: The spelling of his first name.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I had changed it from Rudy to Rudi to match with Kristi," he said.&#160;"I'm into a new life and wanted everything to be fresh. So I'm back to&#160;Rudy."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Galindo smiles, jokes and avoids saying anything that could be&#160;construed as sour grapes about the end of his pairing with Yamaguchi. But&#160;it's apparent he was hurt by the parting.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"It's kind of hard to be out there by yourself," Galindo said this&#160;week as he prepared for the start of the championships. "A few times, I&#160;went to grab Kristi's hand, and it was not there."; A K' for history</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mark it down for posterity: Reid Ryan, 19-year-old son of Nolan,&#160;struck out the first batter he faced as a freshman at the University of&#160;Texas. The victim was a friend, Shayne Currin of Texas-Arlington, who&#160;spends his summers as bullpen catcher for the Texas Rangers.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Reid Ryan's fastball was clocked in the 85 mph range, and his&#160;curveball was sharp as he pitched two innings, giving up one run.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">His dad didn't make the 150-mile trip from Alvin to Austin for the&#160;debut. But they'll see each other April 2 as opposing pitchers in an&#160;exhibition game.; He's learning fast</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">From the Associated Press: When Wayne Gretzky turned 30 last month,&#160;Los Angeles Kings owner Bruce McNall gave him a horse they saw being born&#160;while they were at the Kentucky Derby.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Gretzky and McNall are partners in the racing business, so Gretzky&#160;gave half back to McNall.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I kept the front half, because I have learned that is the one that&#160;crosses the finish line first," joked Gretzky.; For the record . . .</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- Canada's Helen Kelesi rallied from a 3-0 deficit in the third set&#160;to upset third-seeded Jana Novotna 2-6, 7-6, 7-6 in the second round of&#160;the Virginia Slims of Chicago tennis tournament. No. 2 seed Katerina&#160;Maleeva of Bulgaria won her match against Ann Grossman.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- Boris Becker beat Alexander Volkov 6-4, 3-6, 6-3 in the opening&#160;round of the Donnay Indoor Championship in Brussels, Belgium.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- MaliVai Washington beat No. 16 seed Patrick McEnroe 6-0, 6-3 to&#160;advance to the quarterfinals of the $ 1 million U.S. Pro Indoor Tennis&#160;Championship in Philadelphia. (Complete tennis results, G9).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- As many as 50 intramural male and female basketball teams from&#160;area colleges will meet in the Schick Super Hoops Regional Festival on&#160;Feb. 23 at Georgia State. The top male and female teams from the one-day&#160;tournament will play their championship games March 23 at The Omni as&#160;part of the Hawks-Miami game.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Got a tip for Games &amp; Faces? Give us a call on the message line at&#160;222-2034.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">February 10, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">photo: Jim Valvano Lost a legend&#160;photo: Bo Jackson Charming for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">&#160;photo: Mark Calcavecchia Creative bookkeeping</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_290"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=291>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">716 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">August</span><span class="c2"> 8, 1992, Saturday, Final Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Corporations Bask In Reflected Glory;<br/>Business Benefactors Pervade Games</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">William Drozdiak, Washington Post Foreign Service</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">FIRST SECTION; PAGE A1</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">930 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">BARCELONA, Aug. 7</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">As the Summer Olympics draw to a close and nations around the world assess their stature in the medals table, the biggest winners emerging from this global extravaganza are not the athletes, their coaches or their governments, but their corporate sponsors.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">More than any other Olympic gathering in history, these Games have served as a glittering showcase for big business. Instead of praising parents or other inspirational role models behind their accomplishments, the athletes now regularly express gratitude and devotion to the corporate entities that pay them hefty endorsements.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The emblems of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> or Reebok are as prominent as the national flag on many uniforms. Companies rather than national Olympic committees dictate the public appearances of athletes. The entire 900-member delegation of the former Soviet Union, attending the Games for the last time as the Unified Team, was underwritten by a $ 3.5 million grant from Smirnoff and adidas.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"They made it possible for us to be here," said Alexander Kozlovsky, vice president of the Russian Olympic Committee.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Once viewed as a grim contest between rival political systems, the Olympics began turning into a global commercial fair with the 1984 Games in Los Angeles. Instead of resorting to public funding, the Games were entirely financed by the private sector and turned a handsome profit of $ 230 million.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"The world is changing and we have to adapt to it," said Juan Antonio Samaranch, the monarchical chairman of the International Olympic Committee. "The Games might have come to an end if we did not bring commercial sponsors into the Games because cities and countries no longer can afford to stage them alone. The taxpayers will not stand for it."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The collapse of communism in the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe over the past three years removed the dichotomy of Cold War conflict from Olympic competition. In these Games, the Soviet athletes say they have been motivated to perform well chiefly by the need to attract corporate support in order to sustain their future athletic careers.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">For big business, marketing at the Olympics has become fierce competition. With more than 1 billion people watching the Games, the most desirable marketing goal for many companies is to see their brand name associated with the prestige and skills of the world's finest athletes. Country affiliation has dimmed.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The ultimate high-stakes battle in these Games has pitted </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> against Reebok. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> commands the loyalties -- for a generous stipend -- of six members of the U.S. basketball team. For that reason, Michael Jordan and Charles Barkley, two of </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> most highly compensated endorsers, adamantly refuse to be seen in the U.S. team's Reebok-designed warmup suits at the medals ceremony. They will be allowed to unzip the jacket to block public view of the Reebok logo.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"In 1984, we had triple the number of athletes today," Steve Miller, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> director of sports marketing, said in an interview. "But now you just can't afford to have them all. So we are trying to get the athletes who are best in their events who also have the best impact for us in the global market."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">When Mike Powell's hamstring was troubling him before the long jump competition, he missed a morning news conference called by </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> so he could get treatment. No problem. A call to gold-medal-winning triple jumper Mike Conley, who won his event the night before, quickly produced a substitute.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Asked how he felt about appearing on such short notice, Conley said, "When they call, I go."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has grown into a $ 3.5 billion-a-year business. More than two-thirds of its annual revenue comes from sales in the United States, but in the future the foreign sector is expected to grow dramatically. Thinking ahead, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is now feverishly competing to recruit the allegiance of top athletes in growing markets. It issued an occasional newsletter (titled Swoosh) on its athletes, something no national Olympic Committee, aside from the USOC, did. It issued a slick magazine -- Barcelona '92 -- featuring its athletes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In Africa, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has signed up the Kenyan runners Richard Chelimo, William Mutwol and Yobes Ondieki. Noureddine Morceli, the Algerian 1,500-meter champion, is considered a key wedge into a youth-oriented North African market.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">For Eastern Europe and the Commonwealth of Independent States, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has invested a huge sum in Sergei Bubka, the Ukrainian world-record holder in the pole vault whose failure to win a medal in this year's Olympics could diminish his marketing appeal.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is also looking toward China, whose 1.2 billion people may represent the biggest untapped market for high-class sporting goods in the world. Tong Li, the 110 hurdles star, has endorsed </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, and other top Chinese athletes may soon follow.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Chelimo finished second in the men's 10,000 Monday night, then was awarded the gold medal on a judge's ruling of interference. On Tuesday the decision was reversed and Chelimo met the media to discuss it -- in a news conference set up by </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, not the IOC or the Kenyan delegation.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Reebok has countered </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> push by signing up Olympic basketball coach Chuck Daly, U.S. runner Suzy Hamilton and German tennis star Michael Stich. Reebok's biggest promotional tie-in was sidetracked when Dan O'Brien (of the ubiquitous Dan and Dave commercials) failed to qualify for the U.S. decathlon team.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Corporate officials acknowledge that the endorsements of gold-medal winners are no guarantee for commercial success. "It's always a gamble because you never know what will click," said Miller.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SERIES: </span><span class="c2">Occasional</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">PHOTO, BASKETBALL STARS MICHAEL JORDAN (LEFT) AND CHARLES BARKLEY SPEAK FIRST FOR </span><span class="c4">NIKE.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">FOREIGN NEWS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_291"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=292>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">720 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">April</span><span class="c2"> 2, 1991, Tuesday, FIRST EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">SPORTS BUSINESS;<br/>Marketing duo tries to undo adidas' 'boring' image</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Michael Hiestand</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 3C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">492 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Rob Strasser predicts the future of feet.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Strasser and partner Peter Moore helped create </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> Air Jordan and </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air lines. Now Strasser lives in Herzogenaurach, Germany, as a marketing vice president for adidas. Together with Moore, working in the pair's Portland, Ore., marketing firm, Strasser says he's working to change adidas' image as a ''famous-but-boring brand.''</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It's about time. Although Adi Dassler made his first gym shoe in 1920, adidas had a puny 4% share of the U.S. market last year - compared with </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> 28% and Reebok's 21%.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">While those giants tweak each other with mild wisecracks in TV ads, Strasser helped create a new adidas Equipment brand that will be rolled out nationally by August with a back-to-basics pitch. One Equipment ad, for instance, says sports isn't about ''greed ... arrogance (or) fashion.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It's a pitch meant to attract baby boomers, many of whom are presumably becoming more sensible at the expense of their fashion sense. The shoemaker will rely on relatively low-key endorsers such as marathoner Grete Waitz. Laughs Strasser: ''The baby boomers are going to set the trends until the last one is dead.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Another underdog, Converse, is relying on a practical pitch: It has launched a new ad campaign with the tagline ''It's What's Inside that Counts''.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But last night, adidas and Converse managed to score a conventional marketing coup in their uphill battle against the U.S. sneaker giants. Duke's basketball team wore adidas, Kansas wore Converse.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">CHEST MATCH: Sam Marion recalls it as ''a hell of an experience.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">About 15 years ago, a player on a Little League team Marion managed was hit in the chest - and nearly died being rushed to the hospital.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Marion didn't forget. After borrowing heavily, Marion's International Protective Athletic Safety Corp. of Fraser, Mich., developed a $ 70 kids' safety vest suitable for baseball and other sports.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Marion's safety vest weighs 1.5 pounds and is made of compressed foam. They're available in about 50 stores so far.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">They're overdue. The Consumer Products Safety Commission reports 51 baseball-related deaths between 1974 and 1984, and at least 13 in 1989-90. Last Saturday, a 15-year-old New Hampshire hockey player died after being hit with a puck in the chest.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Marion says he also has sold the Seattle Mariners on using his $ 80 adult safety jacket in practice. ''It won't be long,'' says ex-major leaguer Lary Sorensen, ''until you see most pro clubs using them.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">BLOW OUT: Smokefree Educational Services, a health advocacy group, says it will include Little Leaguers as protesters in an opening day demonstration Monday against the Marlboro billboard in New York's Shea Stadium. The group is offering to pay the New York Mets to replace the cigarette marketer. ... Saying it wants to export U.S. traditions, the World League of American Football is starting a month-long scratch-off promotion sponsored by Kentucky Fried Chicken.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">PHOTO; b/w<br/>&#160;<br/>CUTLINE: BASIC EQUIPMENT: adidas is trying back-to-basics theme to sell common sense-oriented baby boomers on its Equipment line.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_292"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=293>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">723 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">August</span><span class="c2"> 5, 1992, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">BARCELONA: NOTEBOOK;<br/>Don't Like the Sponsor? Just Zip It</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Special to The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section B; Page 13; Column 3; Sports Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">704 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">BARCELONA, Spain</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">All members of the Dream Team will be there on the medal podium after all, apparently, if the Dream Team is fortunate enough to win medals.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Another controversy has been resolved with the compromise that anyone (Michael Jordan) who has a personal corporate sponsor (</span><span class="c4">Nike)</span><span class="c2"> who objects to the team sponsor's name (Reebok) showing on the standard-issue uniform (United States) has the right to obscure what he does not want to show (logo).</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "However," Dave Gavitt, president of USA Basketball, said in a statement after meeting with United States Olympic Committee officials, "in no instance will the uniforms be defaced or covered by any other material."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">So what does that mean?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"They can turn down their collars to cover the logo," a U.S.O.C. staffer said. "But we can't say that."<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;<br/>Party Out of Bounds</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The athletes' village may appear at first glance to be a peaceful splash of high rises beside the sea but it is turning into party central. Today, a spokesman at the village said he was calling in police to begin patrols, in response to complaints about late-night noise.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"It's the only way to control the situation," said Armando Calvo, who reported complaints from some residents about athletes being loud and drunken. "Sometimes they get into arguments with volunteers checking their credentials."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">El Mundo Deportivo, the Spanish sports daily, reports that the problem is largely centered on athletes who have already finished their competition. They play their music loud and return less than quietly from late parties.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Maybe it's a mistake to give free housing; because of that, no one is leaving," said Li Gwang Sik, the North Korean bantamweight who defeated Serafim Todorov of Bulgaria on Monday to gain the boxing semifinals.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But the boxer said he understood the urge to party. "They can't make us live a monk life," he told the paper. "We're free now."<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;<br/>How About Dan and Robert?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Reebok doesn't have Dan and Dave in the decathlon, but it has Dave and Robert. That's Robert Zmelik of Czechoslovakia, who is a long shot to medal in the event but is welcome on Reebok's team anyway.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;<br/>Tale of the Tape, and Ice Packs</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The supplies are going fast for the American athletes here. Ed Ryan, head trainer for United States Olympic Committee operations at the athletes village, says American athletes have already used up 3,500 rolls of tape, 5,000 ice packs and 4,000 bandages, not to mention 1,200 disposable electric stimulation pads for use with ultrasound equipment. Ryan said there was nothing abnormal in the numbers. "We're finding dehydration is one of our biggest problems to date," he said. "The heat and humidity are creating havoc for our athletes."<br/>&#160;<br/>Used Syringes Found in Village</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Used syringes -- possibly for injecting vitamins -- have been found in the rooms of some athletes staying in the Olympic village.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"It appears the athletes are doing the injections themselves," said Prince Alexandre de Merode, chairman of the International Olympic Committee medical commission. De Merode said that housekeepers have been complaining about finding the syringes in wastebaskets. "I can't prejudge what they were used for," he said. "It could be nothing. It could be an innocent product like vitamins.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"But I believe this is dangerous," he said. "Athletes should be careful not to take any medication without consulting their medical doctor."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Armando Calvo, director of the Olympic Village, said needles have been found "on a general basis" throughout the village, rather than in one area. He said the cleaning company had not specified the number of syringes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jim Montgomery, head physician for the United States team, said it's not uncommon for athletes to take injections of vitamin B-12.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I know for a fact that when countries came into the village, the Polyclinic ran out of B-12 and they had to get an extra supply," he said. "Everyone wanted some. A lot of our track and field guys have wanted shots."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Montgomery said he doesn't hand out syringes or let the athletes administer the injections themselves.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We have all our used syringes right here at the sports medicine center in the village," Montgomery said. "We give the shots ourselves."(AP)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">August 5, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_293"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=294>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">726 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">October</span><span class="c2"> 30, 1992, Friday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Bad image for Sanders? It's gotta be the shoes</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Thomas Stinsonsports; football; basketball; personalities; advertising; fashion; salaries</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Section H; Page 1</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">684 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">This began as another pinata job upon the brow of Deion Sanders, who continues to dismay even when he takes his days off. Amazing. He can't make practice with the Falcons because he's having a foot inspected by a team of doctors but can still be profiling that night courtside - said foot not even wrapped - when the Hawks bring Shaquille O'Neal to town. (Fashion tip: Time, my man, to stash the Huntz Hall wardrobe.)</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Worse, on the day most of the Braves take an opportunity to thank the city for another wild ride, Sanders is indisposed, vogueing in some crosstown gym for another </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> ad. This borders on civic insult. Whatever was done this month to mythicize his athletic abilities, Sanders did residual damage to his local image simultaneously, the McCarver water business a dubious quinella with the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> air circus.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">To appear publicly with the Braves would be a hint at contrition, never a Sanders long suit. Perhaps one day, the blessed athlete will realize his life is something more than one long punt return.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But the deeper one considers the plight of Deion Sanders, one keeps bumping his head up against a shoe company with its tongs so deep into the back of America's No. 1 cornerback/outfielder. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has grown proficient at this, for its tongs seem to reach everyone everywhere.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Ross Perot tells the American electorate to Just Do It. The world comes to Barcelona to find five stories of Michael Jordan - and the boomerang logo - hanging from a building downtown. Morehouse's football team needs new shoes; alum Spike Lee's endorsement comes through, 120 pairs strong. Georgia Tech's basketball team to France? </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> ponies up $ 100,000.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In court as well as on court</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Naturally, a company so keen on its inflated ownself can't help but periodically make a mess. Who on earth but </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> was able to pit John Thompson against the Rev. Jesse Jackson? Kids kill kids and take their $ 170 sneakers. The company is now in a snit over Jordan's appearance in a Hanes underwear commercial, fretting over His Airness's impugned image, the same image that helped sell $ 200 million of Air Jordan gear last year alone.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Alas. But if there is no altruism left in peddling athletic footwear - what happened to the singular promise of "run faster, jump higher?" - there surely is no accounting for how </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> handles its front men. The company was all too happy to provide the private jet for the Miami- Pittsburgh shuttle that puckered Sanders's relationship with Braves brass. And who scheduled Tuesday's ad shoot so who couldn't be where?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In Sanders, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has hooked a kid with a sublime weakness for money, and should anyone think Sanders can't keep this up, their $ 3 million deal is slashed 90 percent should Sanders stop splitting time between baseball and football. Though this leans toward indentured servitude, Sanders views the deal as the underpining to his portfolio, barking at reporters during the NLCS, "I don't need no publicity. My contract with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is set."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Mourning after for Charlotte</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Tell the Charlotte Hornets. Latest to roll off the Georgetown-</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> assembly line, Alonzo Mourning was chosen second in the last draft by Charlotte, which is now attempting to sign the rookie who already has a $ 16 million </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> contract in his pocket. Mourning demands a $ 2.6 million starting salary. The Hornets have but $ 1.96 million available under the salary cap. An Auerbachian nightmare, the rook has all the leverage. So untenable is Charlotte's position, at least five NBA scouts watched the team's last exhibition in readiness for the inevitable fire sale.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">This is how shoes are sold in America. As if </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> was actually ever a shoe company. The Oregon firm merely designs and markets the models, all manufacturing doled out to sweatshops in Thailand, China and Taiwan. And for all the marketing, all the Bo and Prime Time and Just Doing It, an Athletic Footwear Association survey found only 12 percent of the 18- to-75 age group affected by celebrity endorsements.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Deion's world view is stilted enough. There's something else happening here. It's gotta be the shoes.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 5, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH923100637</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_294"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=295>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">728 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Herald Sun</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">February</span><span class="c2"> 15, 1991 Friday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Clarkson answers all the critics</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">DESIRA P</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">408 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">DAVID CLARKSON has countered rumors about his commitment to Sunshine George Cross by grabbing a share of the lead in the Herald-Sun </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air Golden Boot award.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Clarkson, man of the match in the past two rounds, earned the player of the week title for his display against Wollongong Mac.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The three votes gives him 17 and equal leadership with St George keeper John Filan.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "I had gone for five weeks without picking up votes so it's nice to get some reward for playing well," Clarkson said yesterday.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The midfielder returned to Melbourne yesterday after making a hurried dash across the Tasman to see his sick sister in Hobart.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Clarkson was a committed supporter of previous Sunshine coach Ernie Merrick, who brought him to the club from Adelaide City.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> There were suggestions that Clarkson and teammate Craig Foster would walk out of the club after Merrick's dismissal but the player has killed off those rumors with his good form.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "I certainly didn't like the way Ernie was sacked but it's good to have Tony Vrzina around and it's very important for all the players to stick by the new coach," Clarkson said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Clarkson admitted that desperation had played a part in his recent good form.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "All of us are playing for our survival as well as the club's," he said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "I certainly hope the club won't be relegated but either way we have to try and lift ourselves and play better.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "If the worst was to happen and the club was relegated, the players will be judged on their performances if they are to get another club." As the weekly winner, Clarkson receives a pair of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air runners valued at $280. The end of season winner receives $2000 in cash from </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Herald-Sun </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air Golden Boot Award: Round 19 votes:. Adel City v Apia: 2 Maxwell (ac), 1 Csoboth (ac), 1 McFadden (al), 1 Maloney (al), 1 Zabica (ac).Melb Cro v Woll Cty: 3 Pezzano (wc), 2 Biskic (mc), 1 Talajich (mc). Marc v St Geo: 2 Harper (stg), 2 P.Okon (m), 1 O'Shea (stg), 1 Catlin (m). Melita v Preston M: 3 Trajanovski (pm), 2 Bekiaris (pm), 1 Tasevski (pm). Sth Melb v Syd Cro: 3 Kupresak (scr), 2 Franken (scr), 1 Tasios (sm). Syd Oly v Heid: 3 Saad (so), 2 Edwards (so), 1 Phillips (so). Woll Mac v Sunshine: 3 Clarkson (sgc), 2 Hunter (sgc), 1 Naumov (wm). Leaders: 17 Clarkson, Filan. 16 P.Okon. 15 Petersen.13 Bundalo, Petkovic. 12 Stubbins. 11 Biskic, Franken, Jackson, Kindtner, Kuc, Lowe, McCulloch. Phillips, Tsolakis.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> END OF STORY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 25, 2003</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Meeting the challenge head-on . . . Sunshine George Cross midfielderDavid Clarkson believes that the desperation shown by players in recent weekscan help the club avoid relegation. Picture: BRUCE HOWARD</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2">DHS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_295"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=296>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">730 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Journal of Commerce</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">January</span><span class="c2"> 24, 1992, Friday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">CLASH REPORTEDLY HURT HALLETT'S DOT DRIVE</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">MARK B. SOLOMON; Journal of Commerce Staff</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">FRONT, Pg. 1A</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">416 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">WASHINGTON</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A clash between U.S. Customs Commissioner Carol B. Hallett and Sen. Bob Packwood, R-Ore., contributed to blocking Mrs. Hallett's bid to be the next transportation secretary, industry and administration sources said Thursday.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Until Wednesday, when President Bush nominated Andrew H. Card for the post, Mrs. Hallett was considered the front-runner for it. But the Bush administration shifted gears after being notified by Sen. Packwood that he asn't happy with the choice, those sources said.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"He had concerns, and he communicated them to the White House," according to an administration source.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sources said Sen. Packwood and Mrs. Hallett crossed swords over the issue of fees assessed to </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., the Oregon-based footwear manufacturer. In particular, sources said, Sen. Packwood asked Mrs. Hallett to reverse a 1991 agency ruling adverse to </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">. Her refusal to do so led to an angry exchange between the two, sources said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"She didn't bend to Packwood, and he became furious," said an industry executive close to Customs. The executive said the senator has often interceded on </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> behalf in disputes with Customs.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sen. Packwood sits on the Senate Commerce Committee, which is responsible for confirming Department of Transportation nominees.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sen. Packwood denied reports that he sent a letter to the president advising him not to nominate Ms. Hallett, but declined to answer other questions about her. "I'm not going to stir up those waters now," he said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Customs officials were unavailable for comment.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Grant Hanson, a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> lobbyist, said the company imports millions of pairs of shoes each year and inevitably runs into conflicts with Customs over various issues. "I'm not sure if this was over a particular incident or if it might have been something brewing over a period of time," he said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The choice of Mr. Card, who is currently deputy White House chief of staff, is being seen by some as a victory for Drew Lewis, Union Pacific Corp. chairman. Mr. Lewis lobbied for Mr. Card to win the DOT post, and had supported an effort to make him president of the Association of American Railroads.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It is unclear how much influence, if any, Mr. Lewis had in swaying President Bush. But he told securities analysts in New York Wednesday that Mr. Card's close ties to the president and his good working relationship with his predecessor, White House Chief of Staff Samuel K. Skinner, "means that transportation remains on the front burner for the administration."</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">December 16, 1996</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_296"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=297>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">731 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">St. Petersburg Times (Florida)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">August</span><span class="c2"> 20, 1992, Thursday, North Suncoast Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> breaks off sponsorship deal with German sprinter Krabbe</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">PETE COUTURE</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; SPORTS DIGEST; Pg. 2C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">664 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> broke off its sponsorship deal with Katrin Krabbe, the world sprint champion from Germany who's awaiting a four-year ban for failing a drug test. The sportswear company also abandoned a similar deal with Grit Breuer, Krabbe's teammate who also tested positive for a banned substance. "Every contract includes a clause that athletes are forbidden from taking performance-enhancing substances," said a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> representative. Krabbe, the 100- and 200-meter world champion, and Breuer, the world silver medalist at 400 meters, tested positive for Clenbuterol, a muscle-building substance. Krabbe, 22, in an interview published Wednesday by the Super Illu magazine, said the athletes did not know that Clenbuterol was on the list of banned drugs. "I never consciously did anything that was forbidden," she told the magazine. "I am sorry if many fans are now disappointed in me." Thomas Springstein, coach of the two athletes, has admitted giving the drug to the two sprinters and his contract with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> also has been canceled. The German Athletics Federation has suspended the two pending a hearing that is expected to impose the bans.</span><span class="c2">&#160;<br/></span><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;NBA: A day after announcing his retirement, Larry Bird was home in Indiana preparing to host a charity golf tournament. "You'll never see me at NBA games unless I'm there to work," said Bird, who will remain with the Boston Celtics as a special assistant. "I have no intentions to go on NBC (TV) and help them do games." Bird also said he doesn't want to get into coaching. On other news, the San Antonio Spurs signed free-agent guard Matt Othick of Arizona. The Chicago Bulls signed second-round draft pick Corey Williams of Oklahoma State to a multiyear contract. Terms were not disclosed; the Clippers signed free agent Charles Smith.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;GOLF: Tarpon Spring's Jay Overton led the North Florida PG Section Championship for the second day in a row after shooting a 7-under-par 65 at Bonnet Creek Golf Club in Orlando. Overton, the head pro at the Innisbrook Resort, is 18 under for 36 holes and takes a five-stroke advantage into the final round today. Mike Domalske of Sarasota shot 63 to move into second at 131.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;TRACK AND FIELD: Carl Lewis, who failed to make the U.S.  Olympic team in the 100 meters, proved he is still a major force in sprinting by beating a world-class field at a meet in Zurich, Switzerland. Lewis, 31, powered through the final 30 yards and finished in 10.07 seconds, beating a field that included six finalists at Barcelona. Olympic champion Linford Christie of Britain had declined to take on Lewis at the meet.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;COLLEGE BASEBALL: Joey Arnold, who had a .360 batting average for Santa Fe Community College in Gainesville last season, is transferring to the University of Florida to play for his father, Gators coach Joe Arnold. Joey, a 6-foot-1, 180-pound shortstop, graduated from Gainesville High in 1990.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;BOWLING: Greg Kemp regained the lead after five rounds of the PBA's ABC West Lanes Open in Mechanicsburg, Pa. Kemp averaged 244 his first three games on the way to an 8,175 total. Jim Pencak averaged 241 his last eight games to move into second at 8,057. In other bowling, John Handegard had a pair of 268 games to take a 47-pin lead in the Lansing (Mich.) Senior Open.<br/>&#160;<br/><br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;BOWLING: Bob Vespi averaged 243 in his last eight games to jump from third to first and will be the top seed for today's finals of the PBA ABC West Lanes Open in Mechanicsburg, Pa. Barry Gurney, a first-year pro, won his first title by defeating Tommy Evans 243-166 for the championship of the Lansing (Mich.) PBA Senior Open. Stacy Rider and Anne Marie Duggan became the first repeat winners of the LPBT's National Doubles Tournament.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;MISCELLANY: Mildred "Millie" Schembechler, wife of former Michigan football coach and former Detroit Tigers president Bo Schembechler, died of cancer in Ann Arbor, Mich. She was 63.<br/>&#160; Compiled by Pete Couture.<br/></span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">October 1, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">DIGEST</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Times Publishing Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_297"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=298>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">736 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Jet</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">April</span><span class="c2"> 6, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Jordan's Face Absent From Olympic Apparel</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 50</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">100 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">In a compromise move, Michael Jordan's face will not appear on t-shirts featuring the U.S. Olympic basketball team, and instead, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Corp., which owns the rights to Jordan's likeness on apparel, will pay a financial settlement to USA Basketball, which is sponsoring the U.S. Olympic team.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The NBA had threatened to ban players from the U.S. team who would not allow their likenesses to appear on USA basketball apparel.  Jordan sold the rights to use his likeness to </span><span class="c4">Nike, and Nike</span><span class="c2"> refused to relinquish those rights.  Jordan's likeness was also missing from NBA All-Star Game t-shirts.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Picture, Michael Jordan</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Johnson Publishing Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_298"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=299>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">737 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Globe and Mail (Canada)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">January</span><span class="c2"> 30, 1992 Thursday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">SPORT IN BRIEF   </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> owns Jordan</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">GAM</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">63 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Michael Jordan has told the National Basketball Association it may no<br/>longer sell apparel bearing his image, giving </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. those rights<br/>exclusively. The move, unprecedented in the NBA, means millions of<br/>dollars. Jordan, 28, of the Chicago Bulls, is among the most charismatic,<br/>and profitable, personalities in the league. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> takes in about $200-<br/>million a year on Jordan's image.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">January 9, 2007</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">PUBLICATION-TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Newspaper</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.<br/>All Rights Reserved</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_299"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=300>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">740 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c16"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c16"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">December</span><span class="c2"> 19, 1992, Saturday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> orders run ahead</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Business</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">84 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">NIKE</span><span class="c2"> said its worldwide orders for athletic footwear and apparel scheduled for delivery between December and April totalled $1.6 billion, 18 per cent higher than the same period last year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Second-quarter earnings to November 30 totalling $76 million, or $0.98 per share ($61.5 million or $0.80 per share). </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> said its total international sales grew 30 per cent to a record $372.9 million and represented 43 per cent of second quarter revenues, compared to 39 per cent in the same period last year.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">December 21, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c16"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Times Newspapers Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_300"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=301>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">742 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Southwest Newswire</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">JULY</span><span class="c2"> 12, 1991, FRIDAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">NFL PRO SET &amp; </span><span class="c8">NIKE</span><span class="c7"> SPONSOR SAN DIEGO CHARGERS "MINI CAMP" SATURDAY, JULY 13</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">SAN DIEGO, July 12, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">The National Football League and the San Diego Chargers will conduct a free clinic for over 400 area youth at the University of California at San Diego, Saturday July 13 at 1:00 p.m. This event is the 26th in a series of 27 throughout the League this spring/summer.  The camps are sponsored by Pro Set, manufacturer of the Official NFL Trading Card, and </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The "NFL Pro Set Mini Camp for Kids" sponsored by </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> will feature 11 San Diego Chargers players including running back/tight end Rod Bernstine, running back Ronnie Harmon and quarterback John Friesz.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The players will stress the importance of staying in school, and deliver impactful motivation messages on striving for individual excellence.  On the Chargers' training camp practice field, the players will demonstrate football skills and techniques of game preparation, fitness and nutrition.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "Mini Camp" participants have been selected through the United Way and Boys and Girls Clubs of San Diego to provide this opportunity for those who would benefit most from the program.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Local sponsors include radio station XTRA and Domino's Pizza who will provide free lunch to all camp participants.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The public is invited to attend the clinic as spectators at no charge.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
</div>
<table class="c12">
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14">&#160;</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">&#160;</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">MEDIA ADVISORY</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">&#160;</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">SUBJECT: &#160;NFL Pro Set &amp; </span><span class="c18">Nike</span><span class="c15"> to host San Diego Chargers Mini Camp</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; for kids.</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">&#160;</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Television/Interview/Photograph Opportunities</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; ---------------------------------------------</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">&#160;</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">DATE: &#160;&#160;&#160; Saturday, July 13, 1991</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">TIME: &#160;&#160;&#160; 1:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m.</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">PLACE: &#160;&#160;&#160;University of California at San Diego on the Chargers</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; training camp practice field</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">&#160;</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">CONTACT: &#160;Larry Lundy 214/869-2244</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Paula Rogers 214/869-2244</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">&#160;</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The National Football League, Pro Set and </span><span class="c18">Nike</span><span class="c15"> will host a San</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">Diego Chargers "Mini Camp" for over 400 inner city youth Saturday,</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">July 13, at the University of California at San Diego from 1:00 p.m.</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">to 5:00 p.m.</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">&#160;&#160;&#160; The "NFL Pro Set Mini Camp for Kids" sponsored by </span><span class="c18">Nike</span><span class="c15"> will</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">feature 11 San Diego Chargers players including:</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">&#160;</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">Rod Bernstine TE/RB</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">Ronnie Harmon RB</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">John Friesz QB</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">John Kidd P/QB</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">Nate Lewis WR</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">Martin Bayless SS</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">Darren Carrington S</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">Mitchell Benson NT</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">Kitrick Taylor WR</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">Courtney Hall C</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">Leo Goeas T</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">&#160;</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">The Mini Camp, the 26th in a series of 27 throughout the League,will</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">stress the importance of staying in school and provide motivational</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">messages on striving for individual excellence. &#160;The players will</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">demonstrate football skills and techniques of game preparation,</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">fitness and nutrition.</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">&#160;</span></p>
</td></tr>
<tr><td width="100.0%" class="c14"><p class="c6"><span class="c15">&#160;&#160;&#160;</span></p>
</td></tr>
</table>
<div class="c5"><br/><p class="c6"><span class="c2"> CONTACT: Larry Lundy or Sheilah Tucker, both of Advantage Marketing Group, Inc., 214/869-2244.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">910712</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DISTRIBUTION: </span><span class="c2">TO BUSINESS/SPORTS/FEATURE/CITY DESKS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Southwest Newswire Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_301"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=302>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">743 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Advertiser</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 8, 1992 Wednesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Games ban on </span><span class="c8">Nike</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">98 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">MADRID, Spain: </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Incorporated, which paid millions of dollars to put its name on the United States athletic team's uniforms at the Barcelona Olympics, is appealing a high court decision that bars the advertising or sale of its apparel in Spain.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Spain's Constitutional Court last week prohibited the sports apparel company from using the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> name on clothing because a Barcelona firm registered the trademark first in 1932.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> If further legal action fails the firm stands to lose $US20 million ($A26.93 million) in sales in Spain alone and many times that sum worldwide.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 27, 2003</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2">ADV</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Nationwide News Pty Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_302"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=303>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">745 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Evening Standard (London)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">June</span><span class="c2"> 9, 1992, Tuesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Party girl held till dawn by designer gear rapist</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Gervase Webb</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Pg. 18</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">880 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> WHAT started as a quick cigarette outside a party ended up as a harrowing five-hour rape ordeal on a nearby council estate for a 17-year-old girl, detectives revealed today.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Her fashionably-dressed young attacker raped her three times after she braved a group of would-be gatecrashers outside the party in Heath Road, Battersea, for a quiet smoke in the street.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The attack lasted until dawn. Detectives today descibed it as particularly savage and said the girl was 'severely traumatised'.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The rape took place nearly a month ago, but police have only now been persuaded to publicise the ordeal in the hope that possible witnesses will come forward.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The girl was attacked shortly after 1.30am on Sunday 10 May. The rapist wore a pair of &#163;100 </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> AirMax trainers and a gold ring with the word </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> on his left hand.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> 'We were told that this ring was quite unusual, and hoped that inquiries with the supplier might have led us to the attacker,' said acting Detective Segeant Mark Woolner, leading the investigation.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> 'Unfortunately that lead didn't take us as far as we hoped, and we are now appealing for witnesses.'</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> A spokesman added: 'There was a large group of would-be gatecrashers outside, and she walked down the street to avoid them and have a cigarette.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> 'She was approached by a youth aged between 16 and 19 who struck up a conversation about how to get into the party. Then the girl turned and walked away, intending to go to a friend's house.'</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> But the youth followed her towards Dansworth Road and as far as a council block, Sharp House, nearby.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> 'She carried on, thinking he had walked away. Suddenly she felt cold metal against her neck, and behind her was the youth saying he had a knife.'</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> There followed a harrowing ordeal, as the attacker dragged the girl first to the rear of the Hope pub - where he was disturbed by a barking dog - then to bushes outside nearby Shore House and then to a third-floor landing in Sharp House.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> 'In all she was raped three times over five hours,' said the spokesman.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> 'It was getting light by the time she was able to run away - but only after he had robbed her of just over &#163;1. All the time she was terrified to cry out, believing that she might be killed.'</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> She said the rapist was about 5ft 7in tall, of proportionate build, dark skinned with conventionally-cut afro hair, gelled down.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> He was wearing a red, white and blue cotton scarf, heavy sky-blue tee-shirt, tan bomber jacket and faded baggy blue cord trousers.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> 'This was an entirely opportunistic attack on a defenceless young girl, and there is a serious danger that this person might strike again,' said DS Woolner.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> 'We would appeal to anyone who might have seen something, or who recognises him or his ring to contact us at Battersea on 071 350 1122.'</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 4, 1993</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">English</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Photofit of the attacker</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">PUB-TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Paper</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Associated Newspapers Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_303"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=304>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">749 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">November</span><span class="c2"> 5, 1992, Thursday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">GLENN SHEELEY'S SPORTSCENE Wilkins gets a ribbing at Hawks tipoff lunch</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Glenn Sheeleysports; atlanta/hawks/braves/falcons; personalities; radio; speeches; advertising; fashion</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Section H; Page 2</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">567 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">A day away from opening a season that could test the talents of coach Bob Weiss's magic act, the Atlanta Hawks held their annual tipoff luncheon Wednesday at the Omni Hotel. The highlights: General manager Pete Babcock made reference to Dominique Wilkins having gotten married during the off-season, glanced at his star player's table and said, "You are still married, aren't you?" . . . Bob Houghton, new general manager for WGST, which broadcasts Hawks games, called Weiss "a boyhood idol of mine." (They looked to be about the same age). . . . Emcee Steve Holman joked with Wilkins, contending that the player has slowed down quite a bit since his recent marriage to Nicole Berry. "She calls their water bed," said Holman, "the Dead Sea." . . . Weiss said he's developed quite a reputation as a luncheon speaker, but admitted, "It's just because I get to follow Steve." . . . Rick Shaw, who produced Braves broadcasts for WGST last year - Braves and Georgia football for WSB before that - has been named executive sports producer by the station. . . . New Hawk Mookie Blaylock, who attended Wednesday after the trade that sent Rumeal Robinson to the New Jersey Nets, must have felt flattered. How many teams rent a hotel ballroom and hold a luncheon for a player the day he arrives in town? . . . Weiss was honorary bartender and did a few of his magic tricks Wednesday night at T.G.I. Friday's at the Prado for the "International Bartender Championships" to benefit the Atlanta Cities in Schools program. . . . The bad news is that New England Patriots coach Dick MacPherson has been hospitalized for acute diverticulitis.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">The good news is that for 2-4 weeks he won't have to look at his 0-8 team. . . . Baltimore Orioles first baseman Glenn Davis of Columbus, Ga., is holding his Baseballfest golf tournament Friday at Orchard Hills Golf Club in Newnan to benefit the Carpenter's Way Ranch, a Christian home for abused and neglected children. Among those expected to attend are Braves David Justice and John Smoltz, Braves coach Clarence Jones, Wally Joyner of Kansas City and former Oakland A's pitcher Vida Blue.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He's making a list and checking it twice</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Is it </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> or hokey? Deion Sanders filmed yet another commercial for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Wednesday at the Riverwood Studios outside of Atlanta, featuring five of his Falcons teammates as Christmas elves. Mike Gann, Tim Green, Darion Conner, Jamie Dukes and Houston Hoover were cast as Deion's little helpers. The star's part was as, uh, "Sander Claus." As you'll see in the commercial, which is to be aired nationwide during the Christmas season, the elves will be tending to </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> boxes going through Sander Claus's factory. Eat your heart out, Bo Jackson. . . . Apparently, nobody was more disappointed than Billy Ray Cyrus over his being unable to sing the national anthem at last Sunday's Falcons-Rams game at the Georgia Dome. Cyrus, who didn't get to bed until 4 a.m. Sunday morning after two concerts Saturday night at Lanierland, wanted to sing despite an overstressed throat but was advised not to by his manager. Cyrus had just stepped out of the shower at about kickoff Sunday and was distressed to hear TV announcers referring to him as a no-show. Cyrus, who would have received no pay for the performance, has told the Falcons he'll sing at a later date as soon as possible and will pay his own expenses.Photo: Mug sh ot of Bob Weiss</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 11, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH923160092</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_304"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=305>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">750 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Toronto Star</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">November</span><span class="c2"> 17, 1991, Sunday, SUNDAY SECOND EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Drifting </span><span class="c8">Nikes</span><span class="c7"> help ocean research</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Reuter</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. F5</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">318 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">SEATTLE</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;</span><span class="c2">SEATTLE (Reuter) - A Seattle-based oceanographer believes that 80,000 </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoes will help explain the mysteries of trans-Pacific migration, the spread of oil spills and where bodies lost at sea will wash ashore.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The researcher, Curtis Ebbesmeyer, has been studying the path of the drifting sneakers and sport shoes to learn more about how ocean currents work.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The shoes - with a retail value of about $2.5 million - were accidentally dumped at sea in the Pacific Ocean by a freighter nearly 18 months ago and around 2,000 have washed ashore on West Coast beaches from Oregon to British Columbia.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"He's had a lot of interest in these </span><span class="c4">Nikes,</span><span class="c2"> where they fell in and where they drifted," said Shannon Flotre, a colleague at Evans-Hamilton Inc., a Seattle-area oceanography firm in which Ebbesmeyer is a co-owner and oceanographer.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Ebbesmeyer, who was not available for comment on his study, is a specialist on Puget Sound who also has expertise in statistics of drifting objects and keeps records on drifting portions of shipwrecks, icebergs and other matter.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The data may help explain migration and anthropology of Pacific Island peoples and is frequently used in oil spill research and even in locating bodies lost overboard.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The May, 1990, accident created the largest single drop of man-made drift objects in the North Pacific, surpassing 20,000 drift bottles dumped in the Pacific during the 1950s by a Canadian government research project.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Rich Hastings, transport manager at Beaverton, Ore.-based </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., said the cargo was bound for Seattle from Korea and apparently was lost about 600 miles due south of Anchorage, Alaska.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We do have an air cushioning system - some of the shoes had compressed air, which helped them float," Hastings said. "I'm glad it can be at least some benefit. It's not littering the beaches because they're picked up as soon as they land."</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">May 13, 1999</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_305"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=306>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">753 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">St. Petersburg Times (Florida)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 14, 1992, Tuesday, City Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Kids &amp; Kubs' Bakewell gets </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> treatment</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">KEVIN THOMAS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; ALL-STAR GAME NOTEBOOK; Pg. 4C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">131 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Kids &amp; Kubs softball team and its living legend, centenarian George Bakewell, will be featured in a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> commercial, airing for the first time tonight during the All-Star Game.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Bakewell turned 100 in April, having finished his record 24th season with the famous St. Petersburg-based club.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">Kids &amp; Kubs players must be 75 or older.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;In the commercial, there will be a close-up of Bakewell and a mention of the fact that, if Babe Ruth still were alive, Bakewell still would be three years older than the Babe, according to </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> spokesman Dusty Kidd.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;"It's a look at the team and how they typify the fact that older folks can stay active in sports," said Kidd, who added that the commercial will run for up to three months.<br/> KEVIN THOMAS<br/></span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 3, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Softball player George Bakewell</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Times Publishing Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_306"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=307>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">756 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">June</span><span class="c2"> 18, 1991, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">U.S. Open puts lightning detectors in demand</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Michael Hiestand</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 2C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">445 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> ''Sometimes we've wondered if we're a solution in search of a problem,'' says Jim Gallagher, marketing manager for Airborne Research Associates of Waltham, Mass. ''But now we're getting lots of calls.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">That attention came after a U.S. Open spectator was killed by lightning Thursday. ARA markets $ 395 M-10 Optical Lightning Detectors, a radar and camera system the size of a Walkman that is billed as more effective than lightning detectors on airplanes. Pro golf officials and about 200 golf course pros already use the device, says Gallagher. The company hopes to expand to other outdoor sports - especially boating.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Developed by ARA president and ex-MIT physicist Ralph Markson, the device detects ''intracloud lightning'' invisible to the human eye, to sense lightning 20 minutes away. Sometimes, says Gallagher, the device finds that ''threatening-looking clouds aren't really threatening.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">TRACK STAR: Publicly held Churchill Downs Inc. will ask stockholders on June 20 to allow its over-the-counter stock shares to increase from 1 million to as many as 10 million. The idea is to prevent any takeover bid and to provide funding for expansion. ... The Winter Baseball League, hoping to launch a six-team Florida league in November, says it will try to sign minor league players in major league baseball organizations. The WBL, whose commissioner is ex-major leaguer Bobby Bonds, has $ 105,000 team salary caps. ... Since </span><span class="c4">Nike's Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town company store draws about 5,000 browsers each Saturday, says spokeswoman Liz Dolan, a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town will open in Chicago in May. Another possible site: Berlin. ... Six original National Hockey League teams will wear ''classic'' sweaters in openers next season, partly to hype a new NHL line of old-time league clothing. ... Major League Baseball says undercover Toronto police will search for souvenir counterfeiters before the July 9 All-Star game. Maximum penalty: up to five years in prison. ... Need to phone or fax any sports group? The new Sports Address Bible has 7,500 listings. Call 213-395-6533.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">HEY, YOGI! National parks generate about $ 500 million annually in concession revenues. Rep. Mike Synar, D-Okla., thinks Uncle Sam deserves a bigger share. With 41 concession contracts expiring this year, Synar proposed a bill to give the U.S. government 22.5% of gross concession revenues, up from the current 2.5%. ... Among all sports activities, stair-climbing has had the biggest growth in ''frequent'' participants: a 500% jump to 1.8 million in three years. ... Advance Sports Concepts of Columbus, Ohio, says seven NBA teams now use its $ 80 Big Ball, a practice ball two inches wider than regulation.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Sportstalk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">SPORTS BUSINESS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_307"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=308>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">759 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Toronto Star</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 19, 1991, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Chrysler may sell controlling stake in financial unit</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. C7</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">198 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Chrysler Corp. may sell a majority stake in its profitable financial services subsidiary, hoping to distance the unit from the automaker's financial troubles.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sale of a controlling interest would represent a change of heart by Chrysler, which late last year said it might sell only a minority interest in Chrysler Financial Corp., in an effort to boost the unit's credit rating and expand its access to cheaper financing.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Chrysler yesterday gave no indication of what it is asking for the unit, but the finance arm reportedly carries a book value of about $ 2.5 billion.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> profit up</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., the largest U.S. marketer of athletic shoes, yesterday reported third-quarter earnings jumped 12 per cent but the performance disappointed Wall Street and </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> stock price tumbled.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The sneaker maker - whose earnings were restrained by advertising and interest costs - earned $ 70.7 million (U.S.) in the quarter ended Feb. 28, or 93 cents a share, up from $ 63.1 million, or 83 cents a share, a year earlier.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Separately, the once high-flying sneaker maker L.A. Gear Inc. said it has reached agreement with its banks to restructure loan agreements.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">WIRE AGENCIES</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_308"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=309>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">760 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Toronto Star</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 19, 1991, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Chrysler may sell controlling stake in financial unit</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. C7</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">204 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;</span><span class="c2">Chrysler Corp. may sell a majority stake in its profitable financial services subsidiary, hoping to distance the unit from the automaker's financial troubles.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sale of a controlling interest would represent a change of heart by Chrysler, which late last year said it might sell only a minority interest in Chrysler Financial Corp., in an effort to boost the unit's credit rating and expand its access to cheaper financing.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Chrysler yesterday gave no indication of what it is asking for the unit, but the finance arm reportedly carries a book value of about $2.5 billion.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> profit up</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., the largest U.S. marketer of athletic shoes, yesterday reported third-quarter earnings jumped 12 per cent but the performance disappointed Wall Street and </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> stock price tumbled.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The sneaker maker - whose earnings were restrained by advertising and interest costs - earned $70.7 million (U.S.) in the quarter ended Feb. 28, or 93 cents a share, up from $63.1 million, or 83 cents a share, a year earlier.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Separately, the once high-flying sneaker maker L.A. Gear Inc. said it has reached agreement with its banks to restructure loan agreements.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">WIRE AGENCIESCompany; report</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">May 13, 1999</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_309"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=310>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">763 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 26, 1992, Sunday, Final Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">AROUND THE NBA</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">From News Services</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; PAGE D2</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">156 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">A CHANGED CHARLES: No sooner did Charles Barkley leave Philadelphia than he develops a new -- well, sort of new -- image, courtesy of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In his latest commercial for </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> the new Phoenix Sun does an autobiographical rap about his fabled brawls, his spitting, the many times he's been fined, his success as a basketball player, his anti-hero reputation and even plugs his recent book, as well as </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> sneakers.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">And all this in 60 seconds.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He is really "Charming Charles." As he put it in the ad: "The pocket says it pays to be mean. Excuse me, but don't I have the cutest smile you've ever seen?"</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">HARPER WANTS TRADE: Mavericks guard Derek Harper has asked the team to deal him to one of four or five teams before next season, his agent George Andrews says.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Two of the teams reportedly on Harper's list are the Knicks, who acquired former Dallas teammate Rolando Blackman earlier this summer, and the Bulls.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SERIES: </span><span class="c2">Occasional</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">NATIONAL NEWS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_310"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=311>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">767 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Sunday Times (London)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">August</span><span class="c2"> 18, 1991, Sunday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Pentland races for Adidas deal</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Iain Jenkins</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Business</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">351 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">PENTLAND, the British sports-goods firm, is set to negotiate a lucrative contractto arrange the to manufacture of Adidas sportswear products in the Far East following its move to buy a 20% stake in the German giant from Bernard Tapie.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The deal could revitalise the fortunes of Adidas and enable it to catch up recover some of the ground that has been lost to its two American arch-rivals, Reebok and </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Further, Paris financiers expect Pentland's Pounds 47m Adidas investment to lead to it taking control of Adidas next summer when Tapie faces his next financial crunch.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In the meantime Pentland, famous for its role in which made its mark pushing Reebok to the top of the sports footwear league table, will focus its efforts on securing a lucrative sourcing contract in the Far East with Adidas.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It hopes the contract will mirror the long-term deal with Reebok that played a key role in the footwear company's ''miracle turnround'' in the 1980s, when it caught up with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> earning Pentland Pounds 6m profit last year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Adidas lost out in the cut-throat battle with Reebok and </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> as because it was slow to follow them into the Far East. Today 85% of the West German giant's shoes are made in the Far East but Pentland's expertise in this area should be able to cut costs further.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">For Pentland, whose brands include Pony and Speedo, the attraction is that net margins at Adidas are only one and a half percent 112% compared with 10% at </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and Reebok. If they can sort out the Adidas sourcing, profits at Adidas could explode from the current Pounds 19m.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Reebok's decision to terminate the sourcing contract with Pentland was a key factor that persuaded the British firm to sell part of its stake for Pounds 200m. Today with Reebok shares riding high at $32, Pentland may soon sell its remaining 13% stake, which is worth another Pounds 222m.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The sourcing contract is the icing on the cake but Pentland does not hide its ambition to own Adidas. The chance could come next summer when Tapie will have to must find another Pounds 160m to finance the second part of the Adidas purchase.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">August 21, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Times Newspapers Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_311"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=312>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">768 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c16"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c16"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 16, 1991, Tuesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Goddess returns in triumph</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">From Ian Murray in Bonn</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Overseas news</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">456 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">AMID controversy and angst, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, the winged Greek goddess of victory, was hoisted back to the top of the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin yesterday in preparation for the monument's 200th birthday celebrations on August 6.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Almost destroyed a year and a half ago by joyful souvenir hunters on the first New Year's Eve after the Berlin Wall came down, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and her four horses have spent the past 15 months having a Pounds 100,000 renovation to protect her from vandals and the environment.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">More than a thousand people turned out yesterday to watch as a crane lowered the copper statue and her chariot on to the 60ft high gate. Typically for modern Germany, however, the return of the goddess has provoked a profound argument about what she ought to symbolise. When she was locked away behind the wall staring eastwards down Unter den Linden at the decaying communist state, the triumphalism she once represented did not matter.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In a united country, however, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> return with Iron Cross and Prussian eagle on her staff, has created worries that she will give the wrong message to the world about German ambitions for the future. Helmut Kohl, the chancellor, has also run into criticism over his plan, announced yesterday, to attend the ceremony taking place in Potsdam on August 17, when the remains of Frederick the Great of Prussia are to be moved. Frau Herta Daubler-Gmelin, deputy chairman of the opposition Social Democrats complained that this would rouse mistrust in Germany's neighbours.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Similar arguments are being roused by the statue of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">. Two hundred years ago she was designed by Johann Schadow, court sculptor to King Friedrich Wilhelm II of Prussia, to represent Irene, the goddess of peace. Napoleon changed all that. When he arrived in the city fresh from his triumph at Jena in 1806 he liked the look of the statue and decided to pack it up and send it back to Paris as part of his booty. The goddess lived in exile for eight years until Field Marshall Blucher secured her release in 1814 after Napoleon's first defeat.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">She returned in triumph, not as Irene but as </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, complete with cross, oak leaves, and eagle. As such she presided over the victory parades of the Prussians, the German Empire and the Third Reich. In 1945, however, the gate and the statue were badly damaged in the battle for the city.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Using the scrap and pictures as a model the East German government managed to copy and replace the statue in 1958 without the victory symbols, carefully describing her in the official guidebooks as ''the peace goddess''. Now Friedbert Pfluger, a Christian Democrat Bundestag member from the west German state of Lower Saxony, has started a protest movement about the symbols of victory on her staff.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">July 17, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c16"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Times Newspapers Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_312"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=313>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">771 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 24, 1991, Wednesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike's</span><span class="c7"> Vaccaro a conduit to coaches and players</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Mike Fish Staff writersports; personalities; advertising; management</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; SECTION E; PAGE 01</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">922 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">One of the most influential characters in basketball is a pudgy&#160;former high school coach who counts John Thompson and Jerry Tarkanian&#160;among his close friends.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">John Paul "Sonny" Vaccaro has been ranked one of the 100 most&#160;powerful people in sports by The Sporting News. He's No. 80, right behind&#160;Michael Jordan.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Without question, Vaccaro, 52, is the greatest sneaker salesman in&#160;America. He is </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> conduit to the big-name college coaches and marquee&#160;programs such as Georgetown and Syracuse, signing coaches to six-figure&#160;contracts, some in the neighborhood of $ 200,000, for the favor of&#160;outfitting their teams in </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> gear.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> hosts summer camps showcasing the country's finest high school&#160;players, with all invitees approved by Vaccaro. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> sponsors the Dapper&#160;Dan Roundball Classic, the granddaddy of national high school all-star&#160;games, which Vaccaro started in Pittsburgh in 1965.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But critics have trashed Vaccaro for allegedly directing top&#160;recruits to college coaches under contract to </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">. NCAA investigators,&#160;in general, are leery of his cozy relationship with both players and&#160;coaches.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Now, in the wake of the NBA draft, Vaccaro is under attack from&#160;agents who claim he is cutting into their business. Vaccaro, although not&#160;involved in contract negotiations, has a hand in the marketing of several&#160;first-round picks - including Billy Owens, Dikembe Mutombo and Stacey&#160;Augmon, and he is negotiating with Larry Johnson, the No. 1 pick in the&#160;draft.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">All of the draft picks played at college programs under contract to&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Everything is an angle," said agent Ron Grinker, who represents&#160;Danny Manning, the first pick in the 1988 draft. "I deal with him for&#160;players on shoe contracts . But now, I have to worry about him talking&#160;to players. He can go on any college campus where he has college coaches&#160;under contract and talk to every player. It's a scenario that is not very&#160;tasteful to me."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Charles Grantham, executive director of the NBA Players Association,&#160;said he has been assured by Vaccaro that he will not be involved in&#160;negotiating player contracts. The NBA players union has no jurisdiction&#160;over endorsements.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Vaccaro and </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> officials deny any potential conflict, saying his&#160;latest business venture is independent of the athletic wear company.&#160;Vaccaro describes himself as a consultant for DIC Marketing, a Burbank,&#160;Calif., firm that has secured agreements to represent the players.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I am the conduit, the go-between," Vaccaro said. "They approached&#160;me a year ago and said they wanted to get involved with athletes. They&#160;knew I've been around athletes all my life."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Vaccaro said he screened agents for some of the players, further&#160;raising the ire of those who couldn't get interviews. He also negotiated&#160;deals for trading cards on behalf of several players - among them Augmon,&#160;Owens, Mutombo, Greg Anthony, Anderson Hunt and George Ackles.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Several agents accused Vaccaro of directing Augmon, the Atlanta&#160;Hawks' top draft choice, and Owens to player representative Arn Tellem.&#160;Vaccaro and Tellem, however, deny they have a business relationship.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"A couple of the agents I've heard from believe Sonny locked them&#160;out of a chance to get these guys," said Fred Schreyer, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> director&#160;of sports marketing. "I don't believe that's the case. The few players he&#160;is advising are kids he has been close to for a long time."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Magic Johnson's agent, Lon Rosen, said the only way to get to Augmon&#160;was through Vaccaro. He never met the player.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I've been with Sonny for five years and I trust him," said Augmon.&#160;"He's the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> guy and he's been around our program. I met him in high&#160;school at the Dapper Dan, and I've been keeping close to him because he&#160;lives in the L.A. area. We go out to dinner. I know his wife."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">By conservative estimates, Vaccaro has signed more than 60 major&#160;college coaches - among them Bobby Cremins of Georgia Tech and Hugh&#160;Durham of Georgia - to contracts with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, along with more than 25 of&#160;the country's most influential high school coaches.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The money Vaccaro can put in coaches' pockets has elevated him to&#160;the position of power broker. In some instances, college coaches find&#160;themselves earning more in "shoe money" than is paid them by their&#160;respective universities.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Sonny, by his reputation, is a controversial guy," said David Falk&#160;of ProServ. "He's got lots of contacts and can bring something to the&#160;party. I don't think that's all bad, but I think it threatens a lot of&#160;people. They feel he may have an advantage through his contacts and may&#160;be able to do things for players they're not able to do."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Publicly, Falk is reluctant to criticize Vaccaro's dealings.&#160;Thompson, the Georgetown coach, is friends of both, and several of his&#160;former players are represented by Falk. But even Vaccaro acknowledges&#160;that Falk is upset that while his agency is negotiating the contract for&#160;Mutombo, Georgetown's latest star, Vaccaro will be responsible for the&#160;marketing and endorsements.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"This is the first time ProServ has lost a player to a marketing&#160;situation," said Vaccaro, who previously tried his hand as a gambler and&#160;rock 'n' roll concert promoter. "They sort of pride themselves on what&#160;they've done with Michael Jordan , so they're upset about Mutombo. It's&#160;the first time an outsider, so to speak, has entered their domain.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I don't do anything illegal with any of these kids. I know probably&#160;all the kids. If they're worried about that, they ought to pray I don't&#160;become an agent."</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">February 10, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_313"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=314>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">773 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">August</span><span class="c2"> 5, 1992, Wednesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">BARCELONA OLYMPICS BARCELONA SCENE Unzipped, folded collar solves uniform flap</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Bert Roughton Jr. and Ailene Voisin STAFF WRITERSolympics; fashion; advertising; competition; results</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Section F; Page 7</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">602 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Barcelona - The crisis over the Dream Team's raiment for the inevitable gold medal ceremony was resolved Tuesday, avoiding a potentially embarrassing situation for the U.S. Olympic Team and further annoyance to the rest of the Olympic community.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Some Dream Teamers - many of whom are under contract to </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> - had indicated they would not participate in the ceremony if they had to comply with U.S. Olympic Committee (USOC) demands that they wear the official U.S. uniform, which is produced by </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> archrival Reebok.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But the compromise leaves the players free to hide the word "Reebok," which appears on the right side of the uniform's jacket, simply by leaving it unzipped and thus folded over the name.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"In the event the men's basketball team wins a medal, all members will appear on the medal platform in the uniform issued by the U.S. Olympic Committee," David Gavitt, president of USA Basketball said after meeting with USOC officials. "Some players may chose to wear the awards suit in a manner that does not reveal any commercial identification. However, in no instance will the uniform be defaced or covered by any other material."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Despite the resolution, Olympic officials are becoming increasingly tired of the disruption the Dream Team has brought to the Games. "There's a limit on being able to behave like a rock star," said Richard Pound, an International Olympic Committee (IOC) vice president.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"They're not coachable, approachable or governable by the USOC," Pound said. "At the end of all this, there will be some careful assessment of this experience."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He said it might be wise to limit the number of NBA players or eliminate them altogether.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The controversy also has the sponsors wondering about whether the image of their products has been tarnished.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"This is starting to take away from the great basketball exhibition of the team and is a distraction for many of the other sports as well," said Reebok vice president John Boulter.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He said such disputes "could destroy some of the fabric of the Olympic spirit."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The fabric has been strained frequently during the Barcelona Olympics, which has demonstrated the difficulty of mixing superstars with other Olympic athletes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">While the other athletes stay in the Olympic Village, which was intended as a place for the world's youth to get to know one another, the stars have stayed in hotel suites.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">This annoys LeRoy Walker, head of the U.S. delegation and likely next president of the USOC. Walker also is the senior vice president for sport at the Atlanta Committee for the Olympic Games."It's a way of saying 'I'm better than you. I don't have to deal with you peons,' " Walker said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">U.S. Olympic team members are becoming increasingly unhappy that some super-elite athletes don't want to bunk in with them, Walker said. "They are all Olympians and they have all paid the price. They feel they should all be on the same level."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Because of that resentment, Walker has begun a campaign to force all American athletes to reside together in future Games, even it it means going without NBA players.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Borislav Stankovic, executive director of the international basketball federation, took exception to Walker's comments.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I would ask [Walker] what will happen when [the U.S. sends] one other team that will not win a gold medal," Stankovic said. "I think it will do tremendous damage if they [NBA players] will not come again.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Nobody in international circles is complaining about the Dream Team," he said. "The teams are losing by 30 or 40 points and they are happy."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Associated Press contributed to this report.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">August 14, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH922270130</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_314"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=315>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">774 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Globe and Mail (Canada)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">January</span><span class="c2"> 24, 1991 Thursday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">TRUTH AND RUMOURS   WILLIAM HOUSTON'S WORLD OF SPORT   Canadian agent resigns</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">WILLIAM HOUSTON; GAM</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">525 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Steve Yormak, one of the few baseball agents based in Canada, has<br/>resigned his certification after facing an investigation by the Major<br/>League Players Association. Yormak, whose clients included Toronto Blue<br/>Jay outfielders Rob Ducey and Glenallen Hill, is a lawyer in the London,<br/>Ont., area and a Canadian citizen, although he was born in the United<br/>States. Mike Weiner, the assistant general counsel of the players<br/>association, said: "He resigned his certification as an agent in the<br/>context of an investigation. The end result was that Mr. Yormak chose to<br/>resign."</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">    Ducey and Hill have not been without controversy as Blue Jays. Ducey, a<br/>Canadian from Cambridge, Ont., has requested trades after assignments to<br/>the minor leagues. He also sued the SkyDome over a knee injury suffered in<br/>1989. Hill was embroiled in a dispute with the Jays over his 1990 contract<br/>offer. Yormak chose not to comment on his resignation. He says he has<br/>moved into the baseball marketing and licencing business.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c9">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c9"> revises ads</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">   A last-minute change in advertising strategy by </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has eliminated from  the North American market a television commercial directed by Canadian  David Cronenberg. An ad campaign for the Air 180 running shoe was to  include commercials made by 12 internationally renowned directors  including Cronenberg, Frederico Fellini of Italy, Eiko of Japan, the  Laurenstein brothers of Germany and Jean-Luc Godard of France. Each  director shot a 15-second segment depicting one concept of the Air 180  shoe. It was to be shown Sunday during the Super Bowl.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Cronenberg's spot, filmed in Toronto in October, is set on a distant<br/>planet and features a creature that farms Air 180s growing in insect-like<br/>pods. In December, however, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> pulled the plug on the international TV<br/>spots for the North American market, although they will be aired in Europe<br/>and Asia. Glenn Wakefield, the national advertising manager of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><br/><span class="c2">Canada, said there were two main reasons for the change - differences<br/>between North American and European and Asian tastes in advertising and<br/>knowledge of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">. The ads were "very European," he said. "More of an<br/>artistic theme."<br/>Sources: Marketing, Advertising Age</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c9"> Super Bowl ratings, Part 2</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c9"> Pot luck in drug testing</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">   A booklet with the title, Drug Free, has been published by the U.S.  Olympic Committee to warn athletes about the dangers of drug use. In  addition to discouraging competitors from using steroids and other  performance-enhancing substances, the booklet appears to be a how-to for  avoiding detection of marijuana use. Marijuana is not considered a  performance-enhancing drug and it is not on the International Olympic  Committee's banned list. However, it is banned by the national governing  bodies of some sports and may be tested for at their request.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Under the heading How long does marijuana stay in the system? the USOC<br/>reports, "Breakdown products can show up in urine four to 10 days after<br/>smoking a single joint, and up to 36 days after chronic marijuana smokers<br/>quit. THC, the mind-altering ingredient in marijuana, is absorbed into the<br/>body and transformed into metabolites, which can be detected in the urine<br/>for weeks after use."</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">January 9, 2007</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">PUBLICATION-TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Newspaper</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.<br/>All Rights Reserved</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_315"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=316>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">777 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">September</span><span class="c2"> 22, 1992, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">If the Shoe Floats, Follow It</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By WALTER SULLIVAN</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section C; Page 1; Column 2; Science Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">469 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">A SEVERE storm two years ago has given scientists unusual tools for studying the currents of the Pacific: shoes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The shoes went from mere footwear to tools of science on May 27, 1990, when the freighter Hansa Carrier ran into heavy weather en route from South Korea to the Pacific Northwest and 21 cargo containers were lost overboard. Five of the containers were filled with 80,000 </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> products, many of them buoyant.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Since then, in a confirmation of theories about currents in the Northwest Pacific, thousands of sneakers, hiking boots, children's sandals and other shoes have been picked up along beaches from British Columbia to Oregon and as far into the mid-Pacific as Hawaii.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">That is just where oceanographers would have expected to find them. It has long been known that the Subarctic Current flows from the mid-Pacific northeast to the coasts of Alaska and British Columbia, one fork sweeping south to California, then back toward Hawaii.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Two oceanographers, Curtis C. Ebbesmeyer of Evans-Hamilton Inc., a physical oceanographic firm in Seattle, and W. James Ingraham Jr., with the National Marine Fisheries Service of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, began collecting reports on the seagoing shoes a year later, after reading an account in a Seattle newspaper of footwear washing up on beaches. They collected reports from local papers and befriended beachcombers along the coasts of Canada and the United States. Limiting their count to the most reliable finds, they determined that 1,300 shoes had been picked up, including as many as 250 from a single beach.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The scientists described this impromptu experiment in the current issue of Eos, published by the American Geophysical Union.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Despite months at sea, many of the shoes have been wearable after washing. The problem, though, is that the shoes were not tied together. So beachcombers have been holding "swap meets" to search for mates to their finds.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The shoes confirm results of more conventional current-tracing efforts in which large numbers of bottles were dumped in the sea. During 1960-71, for example, 21,615 were released off Oregon by Oregon State University. In a 1956-59project, 33,869 were set adrift. The Scripps Institution of Oceanography released 148,384 off California and Mexico from 1955 to 1971.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Assuming that many, but not all, shoes escaped from the containers, the recovery rate of 1.6 percent was not very different from that of 4,518 bottles released in one test near the same current but closer to the West Coast. Of these 2.8 percent were recovered.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">If other shoes survive -- and if theories about Pacific currents are correct -- "some should arrive in Asia and Japan" in a few years when, the researchers said, "hopefully we will hear from our western Pacific colleagues."<br/></span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 22, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Drawing</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_316"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=317>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">780 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">October</span><span class="c2"> 28, 1992, Wednesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">GLENN SHEELEY'S SPORTSCENE Sanders has a full dayfilming a commercial</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Glenn Sheeleysports; competition; baseball; atlanta/braves; public; reaction; golf</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Section F; Page 2</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">458 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">While his Braves colleagues were being honored at Atlanta-Fulton County Stadium Tuesday and also thanking the fans for their season-long support, Deion Sanders did a Grand Slam Salute to his commercial interests. Sanders spent the day filming a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> commercial at Georgia Tech - on the baseball field, the football practice field, the track, in Bobby Dodd Stadium and in the weight room. For the commercial, Sanders wore </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air shoes trimmed in gold. When last seen at Tech Tuesday night, Sanders was getting spritzed with some fake sweat-in-a-bottle near some weights. His Braves uniform hung on some equipment nearby. . . . Braves outfielder Otis Nixon will receive a nice payback for at the last minute supplying heavyweight champion Evander Holyfield with behind-the- plate tickets for the World Series. Holyfield will get Nixon close-up seats for his Nov. 13 fight against Riddick Bowe in Las Vegas. . . . Nixon, on standing by his bunt attempt in the 11th inning: "Every single time I go up there, that's on my mind. For me, it's not a low-percentage m ove."</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Golf tournaments have replaced postseason baseball for supplying the Braves with competitive outlets, and everyone but the batboys seems to be holding one. Travel director Bill Acree's tournament for hemophilia is today at the Polo Fields. The Pete Van Wieren celebrity golf tournament for the Atlanta-based Children's Wish Foundation, organized by the Braves' Jeff Treadway and Griffin's Alvin Goldstein, is Thursday at the Griffin Country Club. Pitcher John Smoltz's tournament, to benefit Atlanta's Table, is Nov. 7 at Eagle's Landing. . . . Something you don't see every day: Braves manager Bobby Cox in the dugout wearing a business suit instead of a baseball suit. The last time? "Never," Cox said. . . . Naturally, the Braves wanted one more game, but there was no shortage of them in 1992. From spring training on, the Braves played 203 games - 30 in Florida, 162 in the regular season and 13 in post-season. . . . A woman assembling Braves for introductions asked pitcher Tom Glavine in the dugout, "Who are you?" "I'm Steve Avery," Glavine said. "I'm one of the lesser-known players." . . . Golf pro Paul Azinger, a Braves fanatic, told our Tom McCollister after a practice round for the PGA Tour Championship, "Condolences, man, it was tough. I was really pulling for them. So close two years straight." Azinger wanted to know if Nixon was second-guessed for bunting with two outs but called the move "gutsy on his part." He called Cox's decision to remain with Charlie Leibrandt against Dave Winfield "a close call." Azinger asked, "Is Ron Gant some kind of upset he wasn't used? But how can you argue with how Deion played? He might be MVP if the Braves win."</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 1, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH923060051</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_317"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=318>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">781 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">October</span><span class="c2"> 28, 1992, Wednesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">GLENN SHEELEY'S SPORTSCENE Commercial appeals to Deion</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Glenn Sheeleysports; atlanta/braves; personalities; advertising; fashion; behavior; golf</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Section F; Page 8</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">589 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">While his Braves colleagues were being honored at Atlanta-Fulton County Stadium Tuesday and also thanking the fans for their season-long support, Deion Sanders did a Grand Slam Salute to his commercial interests. Sanders spent the day filming a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> commercial at Georgia Tech - on the baseball field, the practice football field, the track, in Bobby Dodd Stadium and in the weight room. For the commerical Sanders wore </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air shoes trimmed in gold. Go figure. When last seen at Tech Tuesday night, Sanders was getting spritzed with some fake-sweat-in-a- bottle near some weights. His Braves uniform hung to some equipment nearby. . . . Braves outfielder Otis Nixon will receive a nice payback for at the last minute supplying heavyweight champion Evander Holyfield with behind-the-plate tickets for the World Series. Holyfield will get Nixon close-up seats for his Nov. 13 fight against Riddick Bowe in Las Vegas. . . . Nixon, on standing by his bunt attempt in the 11th inning: "Every single time I go up there, that's on my mind. For me, it's not a lo w-percentage move."</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A season for celebrity golf</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Golf tournaments have replaced postseason baseball to supply the Braves with competitive outlets, and everyone but the bat boys seems to be holding one. Travel director Bill Acree's tournament for hemophilia is today at the Polo Fields. The Pete Van Wieren celebrity golf tournament for the Atlanta-based Children's Wish Foundation, organized by the Braves' Jeff Treadway and Griffin Alvin Goldstein, is Thursday at the Griffin Country Club. Pitcher John Smoltz's tournament, to benefit Atlanta's Table, is Nov. 7 at Eagle's Landing. . . . Something you don't see every day: Braves manager Bobby Cox in the dugout wearing a business suit instead of a baseball suit. The last time? "Never," Cox said. . . . Naturally, the Braves wanted one more game, but there was no shortage of them in 1992. From spring training on, the Braves played 203 games - 30 in Florida, 162 in the regular season and 13 in post-season. . . . A woman assembling Braves for introductions asked pitcher Tom Glavine in the dugout, "Who are you?" "I'm Steve Avery," Glavine said. "I'm one of the lesser-known players." . . . Golf pro Paul Azinger, a Braves fanatic, told our Tom McCollister after a practice round for the PGA Tour Championship, "Condolences, man, it was tough. I was really pulling for them. So close two years straight." Azinger wanted to know if Nixon was second-guessed for bunting with two outs but called the move "gutsy on his part." He called Cox's decision to remain with Charlie Leibrandt against Dave Winfield "a close call." Azinger asked, "Is Ron Gant some kind of upset he wasn't used? But how can you argue with how Deion played?  He might be MVP if the Braves win."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Don't mess with his head</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It was quite a nasty night at Saturday's Northwestern State- Northeast Louisiana game in Natchitoces, La. - not fit for man or beast or men portraying beasts. A fight broke out late in the second quarter between the NSU mascot, Vic the Demon, and NLU's Chief Brave Spirit. "The Northeast mascot has always had a reputation of playing it rough. He was shoving me around hard before the fight," said Shane Clabaugh, who plays Vic. "But after he tore my head off that was it. That goes against the code of ethics for mascots." . . . Dirty Al's in Marietta is holding a "Party with the Pros" Thursday to benefit the March of Dimes. Duane Ferrell of the Hawks, the Falcons' Erric Pegram and the Falcons cheerleaders will attend.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 1, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH923060057</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Photo: Braves pitcher Tom Glavine, joined on the podium by several Braves officials and players, addresses a crowd honoring the team at Atlanta- Fulton County Stadium. /FRANK NIEMEIR/Staff</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_318"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=319>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">784 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">May</span><span class="c2"> 19, 1992, Tuesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Kids rank ads</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Jeffry Scottbusiness; advertising; aviation; tobacco; children; personnel</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS; Section B; Page 2</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">116 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Old Joe," the smooth cartoon character for Camel cigarettes, showed up as the favorite print ad among boys from 8 to 12 years old, followed by the public service campaign "Just Say No to Drugs."</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">That's according to a survey by Xtreme Inc., a New York-based consulting company. It polled 500 youths who are members of the Xtreme Consumer Panel, a national network of 2,000 males and females from 8 to 24 years.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Girls from 8 to 12 preferred print ads for Noxzema, Diet Pepsi and </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Appealing equally to males and females from 8 to 24 were Pepsi's TV commercial featuring model Cindy Crawford; the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Hare Jordan commercial; and a Little Caesars commercial featuring a conga line.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">May 20, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Photo: Mug shot of Guy Tucker</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_319"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=320>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">785 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c16"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c16"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">August</span><span class="c2"> 10, 1992, Monday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Losers in selling stakes</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">From John Goodbody, in Barcelona</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Sport</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">321 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">NIKE</span><span class="c2">, the American sportswear company, built a huge advertising campaign around four of its sponsored athletes at the Olympic Games. Posters appeared around the world telling the public how successful </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> competitors would be. The trouble is that only one of the four was a winner at the Games.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Michael Johnson, the firmest of favourites for the 200 metres, was displayed on advertising hoardings that congratulated the reader for doing something few athletes would be able to do at the Games: passing Johnson.  Unfortunately, the American was suffering from a viral complaint for the semi-final and four people passed him as he failed to make the final.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Still, there was always Sergey Bubka, from Ukraine. As Olympic and world champion and world record-holder, he was expected to soar to victory in the pole vault on Friday. The poster proclaimed: ''Spanish air traffic control has been notified''. Bubka failed with his two opening vaults at 5.70 metres, then tried 5.75 and missed that. He was out of the competition without a clearance.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Well, at least Nourredine Morceli, the world champion from Algeria, would save </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> face by winning the 1,500 metres on Saturday in the commanding fashion with which he secured the world title last year. The advertising slogan read: ''Ever heard the Algerian national anthem? You will.'' Well, we did but not for Morceli. Hassiba Boulmerka ran away with the women's 1,500 metres.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> She stood on the podium in tears, listening to the Algerian national anthem and wearing her kit emblazoned with the name of Diadora, an Italian sportswear manufacturer. Morceli, meanwhile, finished seventh in the men's 1,500 metres. Nobody from </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> was available to comment on the embarrassment.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Fortunately, Michael Jordan, the fourth competitor selected for </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> campaign, had the rest of the Dream Team alongside him and the United States squad easily took the basketball.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">August 11, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c16"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Times Newspapers Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_320"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=321>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">788 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Southwest Newswire</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">JUNE</span><span class="c2"> 24, 1991, MONDAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">NFL PRO SET &amp; </span><span class="c8">NIKE</span><span class="c7"> SPONSOR INDIANAPOLIS COLTS 'MINI CAMP' SATURDAY, JUNE 29</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">INDIANAPOLIS, IND., June 24, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">The National Football League and the Indianapolis Colts will conduct a free clinic for over 400 area youth at Hoosier Dome, Saturday, June 29 at 9:00 a.m. This event is the 23rd in a series of 27 throughout the League this spring/summer.  The camps are sponsored by Pro Set, manufacturer of the Official NFL Trading Card, and </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The "NFL Pro Set Mini Camp for Kids" sponsored by </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> will feature a number of Indianapolis Colts players who have volunteered their time as coaches.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The players will stress the importance of staying in school, and deliver impactful motivation messages on striving for individual excellence.  At the Hoosier Dome, the players will also demonstrate football skills and techniques of game preparation, fitness and nutrition.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Mini Camp" participants have been selected through the United Way and Boy's and Girl's Club of Indianapolis to provide this opportunity for those who would benefit most from the program.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Domino's Pizza will provide free lunch to all camp participants.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The public is invited to attend the clinic as spectators at no charge.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><br/><span class="c2"> CONTACT: Larry Lundy or Sheilah Tucker, both of Advantage Marketing Group, Inc., 214/869-2244.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">910624</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DISTRIBUTION: </span><span class="c2">TO SPORTS DESKS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Southwest Newswire Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_321"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=322>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">789 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">August</span><span class="c2"> 26, 1992, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Legion's best</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 1C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">83 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Legion's best ... The American Legion World Series begins today in Fargo, N.D. First-round pairings: Arlington Heights, Ill. (41-15) vs.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">Newbury Park, Calif. (36-2); East Hartford, Conn. (49-8) vs. Medford, Ore. (43-15); Guaynabo, Puerto Rico (30-7) vs. Brooklawn, N.J. (43-9) and Gonzales, La. (48- 9) vs. Fargo, N.D. (64-10).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Footing the bill ... PGA Tour Commissioner Deane Beman will announce today that </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> will sponsor the 30-tournament Hogan Tour for aspiring PGA Tour players.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Tip-Off</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_322"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=323>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">792 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Southwest Newswire</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">JUNE</span><span class="c2"> 24, 1991, MONDAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">NFL PRO SET &amp; </span><span class="c8">NIKE</span><span class="c7"> SPONSOR GREEN BAY PACKERS 'MINI CAMP' THURSDAY, JUNE 27</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">GREEN BAY, Wis., June 24, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">The National Football League and the Green Bay Packers will conduct a free clinic for over 400 area youth at Lambeau Field, Thursday, June 27 at 9:00 a.m. This event is the 21st in a series of 27 throughout the League this spring/summer.  The camps are sponsored by Pro Set, manufacturer of the Official NFL Trading Card, and </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The "NFL Pro Set Mini Camp for Kids" sponsored by </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> will feature a number of Green Bay Packers players who have volunteered their time as coaches.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The players will stress the importance of staying in school, and deliver impactful motivation messages on striving for individual excellence.  On Lambeau Field, the players will also demonstrate football skills and techniques of game preparation, fitness and nutrition.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Mini Camp" participants have been selected through the United Way and Boy's and Girl's Club of Green Bay to provide this opportunity for those who would benefit most from the program.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The public is invited to attend the clinic as spectators at no charge.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><br/><span class="c2"> CONTACT: Larry Lundy or Sheilah Tucker, both of Advantage Marketing Group, Inc., 214/869-2244.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">910624</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DISTRIBUTION: </span><span class="c2">TO SPORTS DESKS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Southwest Newswire Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_323"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=324>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">793 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Southwest Newswire</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">JUNE</span><span class="c2"> 24, 1991, MONDAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">NFL PRO SET &amp; </span><span class="c8">NIKE</span><span class="c7"> SPONSOR NEW YORK GIANTS 'MINI CAMP' FRIDAY, JUNE 28</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">NEW YORK, June 24, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">The National Football League and the New York Giants will conduct a free clinic for over 600 area youth at Giants Stadium, Friday, June 28 at 10:00 a.m. This event is the 22nd in a series of 27 throughout the League this spring/summer.  The camps are sponsored by Pro Set, the manufacturer of the Official NFL Trading Card, and </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The "NFL Pro Set Mini Camp for Kids" sponsored by </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> will feature 15 New York Giants players including offensive lineman Bart Oates, linebacker Carl Banks, running back O.J. Anderson, linebacker Lawrence Taylor and defensive back Everson Walls.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The players will stress the importance of staying in school, and deliver impactful motivation messages on striving for individual excellence.  On the field at Giants Stadium, the players will demonstrate football skills and techniques of game preparation, fitness and nutrition.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Mini Camp" participants have been selected through the United Way and Boys and Girls Clubs of New York to provide this opportunity for those who would benefit most from the program.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The public is invited to attend the clinic as spectators at no charge.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><br/><span class="c2"> CONTACT: Larry Lundy or Sheilah Tucker, both of Advantage Marketing Group, Inc., 214/869-2244.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">910624</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DISTRIBUTION: </span><span class="c2">TO SPORTS DESKS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Southwest Newswire Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_324"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=325>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">794 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Toronto Star</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 7, 1992, Tuesday, AM</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Muhammad Ali gets Thorpe Award</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. C1</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">468 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;</span><span class="c2">HOLLYWOOD, Calif. (AP) - Muhammad Ali received the Life Time Achievement Award last night during the Jim Thorpe Pro Sports Award Show, a two-hour live special on ABC-TV. The presentation was made by actor James Earl Jones.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Other special awards went to Bo Jackson and long jumper Mike Powell. Other winners were Michael Andretti, Cal Ripken, Michael Jordan, Terry Norris, Mark Rypien, Fred Couples, Meg Mallon, Mark Messier, Jim Courier and Monica Seles.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">No politics</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">CALGARY (CP) - The two Canadian cities vying to host the 2002 Winter Olympics have sent a clear, angry message to Ottawa - keep politics out of sport.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Calgary mayor Al Duerr and his Quebec City counterpart, Jean-Paul L'Allier, signed a joint declaration demanding the Canadian Olympic Association select either of the two cities as its Canadian candidate without politics coloring its decision.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> appeals</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">MADRID (AP) - </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., which paid millions to put its name on the U.S. track and field team's uniforms at the Barcelona Olympics, is appealing a stunning high court decision that bars the advertising or sale of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> apparel in Spain.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Spain's Constitutional Court last week refused to lift a lower court order prohibiting the Beaverton, Ore.-based sports apparel company from using the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> name on clothing because a Barcelona firm registered the trademark first in 1932.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jets kicker quits</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">NEW YORK (AP) - New York Jets placekicker Pat Leahy, the oldest player in the NFL and the third-ranked scorer in league history, retired yesterday after 18 seasons because of a recurring sciatic nerve condition.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Leahy, 41, has 1,470 points, and trails only fellow kickers George Blanda (2,002) and Jan Stenerud (1,699).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jockey injured</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">WILLOW PARK, Texas (AP) - A Trinity Meadows Raceway jockey was in good condition yesterday at a Fort Worth hospital after being thrown and trampled in a race.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Doctors said David Muirhead, 26, could be released today.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Bulgarian back</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">MILAN, Italy (AP) - Stefka Kostadinova of Bulgaria, back on track after taking two years to recover from foot surgery, will be bidding for gold in the women's high jump at the Barcelona Olympics.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Kostadinova, who set the world record of 6 feet, 10 1/4 inches at Rome in 1987, surprised even her husband by clearing 6-8 3/4 in her best effort of the season at a track meet in San Marino on the weekend.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Skiing champs</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">BOGOTA, Columbia, (CNW) - Jaret Llewellyn of Innisfail, Alta., and Kim de Macedo of Shawnigan Lake, B.C., won the overall titles at the seven-country Pan American Water Skiing Championships.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In the team event, the United States was first with 8,426 points and Canada, the number-one ranked nation, was second at 8,271.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In junior competition, Ryan Bush, 15, of Brampton, was second overall.quickly</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">May 12, 1999</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_325"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=326>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">796 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Southwest Newswire</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">JUNE</span><span class="c2"> 24, 1991, MONDAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">NFL PRO SET &amp; </span><span class="c8">NIKE</span><span class="c7"> SPONSOR LOS ANGELES RAIDERS 'MINI CAMP' SUNDAY, JUNE 30</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">LOS ANGELES, June 24, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">The National Football League and the Los Angeles Raiders will conduct a free clinic for over 400 area youth at El Segundo High School, Sunday June 30 at 12:00 p.m. This event is the 24th in a series of 27 throughout the League this spring/summer.  The camps are sponsored by Pro Set, manufacturer of the Official NFL Trading Card, and </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The "NFL Pro Set Mini Camp for Kids" sponsored by </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> will feature a number of Los Angeles Raiders players who have volunteered their time as coaches.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The players will stress the importance of staying in school, and deliver impactful motivation messages on striving for individual excellence.  On the field at El Segundo High School, the players will also demonstrate football skills and techniques of game preparation, fitness and nutrition.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Mini Camp" participants have been selected through the United Way and Boy's and Girl's Club of Los Angeles to provide this opportunity for those who would benefit most from the program.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The public is invited to attend the clinic as spectators at no charge.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><br/><span class="c2"> CONTACT: Larry Lundy or Sheilah Tucker, both of Advantage Marketing Group, Inc., 214/869-2244.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">910624</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DISTRIBUTION: </span><span class="c2">TO SPORTS DESKS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Southwest Newswire Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_326"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=327>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">797 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 16, 1992, Thursday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Basketball seniors to watch next season</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Pat Forde</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 9C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">506 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Reporter Pat Forde covered last week's </span><span class="c4">NIKE</span><span class="c2"> All-American Academic basketball camp. After talking to scouts and coaches, Forde compiled an early, unofficial list of high school prospects to watch in the coming year. Many have called this coming year's senior class one of the best ever.</span><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>&#160;<br/></span><span class="c2"> Joey Beard, Reston (Va.) South Lakes, F, 6-10, 210. Comment: Smooth, skilled big man who can play either forward position. Considering Duke, North Carolina, Virginia and Notre Dame.<br/>&#160;<br/> Damon Flint, Cincinnati Woodward, G, 6-0, 180. Comment: Explosive guard with shooting range, too. Starred at </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> last year but chose not to attend this year. Schools: Michigan, Ohio State, Arkansas, Cincinnati, Kentucky.<br/>&#160;<br/> Rashard Griffith, Chicago King, C, 7-1, 260. Comment: Has dropped 20 pounds since last year and added muscle but still could add a killer instinct. Says he's ''wide open'' on college choice, but Illinois, Louisiana State and Georgetown appear to be working hardest for his services.<br/>&#160;<br/> Ronnie Henderson, Jackson (Miss.) Murrah, G, 6-0, 180. Comment: Some have enthusiastically compared his athletic ability to Michael Jordan's, but scout Bob Gibbons said he could improve his basketball skills. LSU, UCLA, Kentucky, Ohio State could be the leaders in the clubhouse, but nothing's solid.<br/>&#160;<br/> Randy Livingston, New Orleans Newman, G, 6-0, 188. Comment: Some say he's the best player in the class, but he got off to a slow start at </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span><span class="c2"> Great athlete who can play either guard position but isn't a great shooter yet. Kentucky, LSU and North Carolina tops his list now, but says he's still open to others.<br/>&#160;<br/> Darnell Robinson, Emeryville (Calif.) Emery, C, 6-11, 230. Comment: A true back-to-the-basket post player. Plays more aggressively than the stereotypical California center. School choices uncertain.<br/>&#160;<br/> Jerry Stackhouse, Kinston (N.C.) Kinston, F, 6-7, 217. Comment: The star of the first few days at </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span><span class="c2"> Can handle the ball, shoot it, rebound it, and he packs a relentless attitude, to boot. Played hard all the time. Looks like he'll stay in ACC country, with North Carolina State, Duke, Wake Forest, North Carolina and Florida State atop his list.<br/>&#160;<br/> Jacque Vaughn, Pasadena (Calif.) Muir, G, 6-0, 165. Comment: Some question his size, but few question his quickness, penetrating ability and tenacity. Improved stock last year at </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span><span class="c2"> Has no finalists for college choice yet but initially likes Kansas, Kentucky and Georgetown.<br/>&#160;<br/> Rasheed Wallace, Philadelphia Simon Gratz, C, 6-11, 217. Comment: Another Alonzo Mourning? Rebounds, goes after shots and he has touch to 15 feet. Several big men said he was the toughest guy to play in camp. Has a list of 10 schools, including Temple, Georgetown, Massachusetts, Villanova, Maryland, Syracuse, Ohio State and Kentucky.<br/>&#160;<br/> Dontonio Wingfield, Albany (Ga.) Westover, F, 6-8, 235. Comment: Wowed 'em last year at </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span><span class="c2"> Did not attend this year. Has good agility and hands. Consistency the only question. Has many school choices.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">PHOTO; b/w<br/>&#160;<br/>CUTLINE: DRIVING FORCE: Jacque Vaughn, right, of Pasadena (Calif.) Muir drives past Kiwane Garris during the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> camp. His quickness is one of his top attributes.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">HIGH SCHOOL SPORTS;</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_327"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=328>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">800 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c16"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c16"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 3, 1992, Friday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Hi-Tec stumbles in Olympic year</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By George Sivell</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Business</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">353 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> FRANK van Wezel might have expected Olympic year to lift Hi-Tec, the sports shoe group, to the heights; instead it appears to be plumbing the Stygian depths.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The stock market put the boot in to the personal fortune of Mr van Wezel, the chairman of Hi-Tec, after he delivered a profits warning at the sports shoe group's annual meeting. Mr van Wezel lost Pounds 16.63 million on paper yesterday as the shares fell from 175p to 106p. He still owns 56 per cent of Hi-Tec shares, worth Pounds 25.5 million on paper at last night's close.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Behind the profits warning lies an admission of temporary defeat by Hi-Tec in the race against </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and Reebok for the British training shoe market.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Khaleeq Taimuri, analyst at Carr Kitcat &amp; Aitken, the broker, said ''the dumping of excess stock'', combined with the lack of upturn in consumer demand, had hurt Hi-Tec. Mr Taimuri said </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, Reebok and LA Gear had been cutting prices by up to 40 per cent to achieve sales in Britain. Such discounts bring </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and Reebok into the price range traditionally occupied by Hi-Tec, forcing Hi-Tec in turn to cut prices to maintain sales.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Mr Taimuri has cut his forecast for the full year to January 1993 from Pounds 11 million pre-tax profit to Pounds 4 million. He expects a break-even at the half-year stage.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Yesterday's events appear to justify Hi-Tecs efforts to diversify out of the British training shoe market into broader markets around the world.  Analysts say the North American hiking market is going well for Hi-Tec and expect European textiles brands to do well.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> At the annual meeting, Mr van Wezel said: ''Our UK sales so far this year are significantly below those achieved in the corresponding period of last year, and are below our earlier expectations, and we are experiencing a sharper squeeze on margins. Inevitably, these factors will have a pronounced adverse impact on our overall results for the first half of this year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> ''We have already taken steps to reduce our British cost base, for example, by reductions in our workforce, and we are keeping a tight control on working capital.''</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">July 4, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c16"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Times Newspapers Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_328"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=329>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">801 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c16"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c16"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 3, 1992, Friday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Hi-Tec stumbles in Olympic year</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By George Sivell</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Business</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">353 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> FRANK van Wezel might have expected Olympic year to lift Hi-Tec, the sports shoe group, to the heights; instead it appears to be plumbing the Stygian depths.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The stock market put the boot in to the personal fortune of Mr van Wezel, the chairman of Hi-Tec, after he delivered a profits warning at the sports shoe group's annual meeting. Mr van Wezel lost Pounds 16.63 million on paper yesterday as the shares fell from 175p to 106p. He still owns 56 per cent of Hi-Tec shares, worth Pounds 25.5 million on paper at last night's close.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Behind the profits warning lies an admission of temporary defeat by Hi-Tec in the race against </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and Reebok for the British training shoe market.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Khaleeq Taimuri, analyst at Carr Kitcat &amp; Aitken, the broker, said ''the dumping of excess stock'', combined with the lack of upturn in consumer demand, had hurt Hi-Tec. Mr Taimuri said </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, Reebok and LA Gear had been cutting prices by up to 40 per cent to achieve sales in Britain. Such discounts bring </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and Reebok into the price range traditionally occupied by Hi-Tec, forcing Hi-Tec in turn to cut prices to maintain sales.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Mr Taimuri has cut his forecast for the full year to January 1993 from Pounds 11 million pre-tax profit to Pounds 4 million. He expects a break-even at the half-year stage.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Yesterday's events appear to justify Hi-Tecs efforts to diversify out of the British training shoe market into broader markets around the world.  Analysts say the North American hiking market is going well for Hi-Tec and expect European textiles brands to do well.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> At the annual meeting, Mr van Wezel said: ''Our UK sales so far this year are significantly below those achieved in the corresponding period of last year, and are below our earlier expectations, and we are experiencing a sharper squeeze on margins. Inevitably, these factors will have a pronounced adverse impact on our overall results for the first half of this year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> ''We have already taken steps to reduce our British cost base, for example, by reductions in our workforce, and we are keeping a tight control on working capital.''</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">July 4, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c16"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Times Newspapers Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_329"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=330>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">802 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">November</span><span class="c2"> 11, 1992, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Footwear flotsam carries clues about ocean's flow; </span><span class="c8">Nike's</span><span class="c7"> sole survivors hit the beaches</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">ROBIN MCKIE; OBSERVER, LONDON</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">NEWS; Pg. A2</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">492 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">LONDON</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">For the past 18 months, a Japanese armada has been sailing silently across the Pacific. Now, these secret invaders have begun to infiltrate the shores of the United States. It sounds like a sinister attempt to redress the outcome of World War II. In fact, the explanation for the invasion is pedestrian, quite literally, for the flotilla is made up of 40,000 </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> training shoes that have been slowly bobbing around the Pacific Ocean since the spring of 1990.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">News that these sartorial requisites have met a watery fate may dismay the youth of the West. However, it has brought joy to Oregon's beachcombers, who have been making a fortune reselling the trainers which, bizarrely, have survived their briny immersion with surprising resilience.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Odder still, the data provided by plotting the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> armada's progress has allowed oceanographers to test several complex theories about the detailed mechanics of Pacific currents. "It has been a real bonus to our work," said James Ingraham of the U.S. National Marine Fisheries Service.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">This strange story began on May 17, 1990, when a storm struck the freighter Hansa Carrier, which was en route from Korea to the U.S. The ship survived, but its shipment of </span><span class="c4">Nikes</span><span class="c2"> was washed overboard. Not a sole was saved.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The incident was forgotten until November that year, when </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> trainers began appearing along the shores of Oregon. Large hiking boots, high-top trainers and loafers began to bob landwards, at first in ones and twos, eventually in the thousands. To the incredulity of locals, the beaches were swamped with multicolored trainers.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Within weeks, this well-heeled landing army had created a thriving new local economy. Beachcombers held swap-meets where they exchanged right and left shoes, which they then resold in pairs.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I got my pair for $ 20," said Ingraham. "That's about a quarter of the price I would have paid in a store. Admittedly, they had spent a year sloshing about the Pacific, but after I'd worn them a couple of times they loosened up and are quite comfortable now."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The fact that the shoes were still wearable after many months' battering by storms would suggest </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> products have a certain weather-resistance, a quality that could well be marketed. However, this has not been seized upon.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Maybe not, but the longevity of the trainers has been a real boost for Ingraham who, with colleague Curtis Ebbesmeyer, began studying the shoes' peregrinations. They used the data to produce a lengthy paper for the Transactions of the American Geophysical Union.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">They report that many of the shoes appeared farther south than would be expected for flotsam borne by the tropical currents that head northward to Alaska.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Now, as the currents have swept back out to sea from Oregon, already some of the shoes have appeared on the shores of Hawaii.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"The next stop is Japan," Ingraham said. "After that, they will start on their second circle of the Pacific Ocean."</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 12, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 CanWest Interactive, a division of<br/>CanWest Global Communications Corp.<br/>All Rights Reserved</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_330"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=331>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">804 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">SUNDAY MAIL (QLD)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">January</span><span class="c2"> 12, 1992 Sunday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">SHOE RIVALS HALT BATTLE</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SOURCE: </span><span class="c2">QNP</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">STEAD G</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">82 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Shoe rivals halt battle THINGS are tough in the leisurewear business, but at least a truce has been called in the war over hi-tech basketball shoes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sports rivals </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and LA Gear have dropped a legal battle over British patents for the sporty shoes, bringing at least a temporary end to the war of words between the big business competitors.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> had claimed LA Gear infringed patent rights while LA Gear launched a counter-claim that </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> were trying to drive them out of business.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 27, 2003</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2">SML</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Nationwide News Pty Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_331"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=332>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">806 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Daily Yomiuri</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">August</span><span class="c2"> 27, 1992, Thursday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> To Bring NBA Stars</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Pg. 12</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">175 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Veteran Moses Malone and All-Star guard Tim Hardaway are among six National Basketball Association players who will come to Tokyo to play in an exhibition event next month sponsored by </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Japan Corp.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The six NBA players will be divided into two teams along with players from the Japan Basketball League in an exhibition game on Sept. 24 at 6:30 p.m. at Tokyo's Yoyogi No. 2 Gym. A spokesman for the event, called "</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Force Tour Japan 1992" and which will include slam-dunk and three-point shooting contests, said a sellout is expected.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Scheduled to appear with Malone, a three-time MVP currently with the Milwaukee Bucks, and the Golden State Warriors' Hardaway are Golden State forward Billy Owens, Chicago guard B.J. Armstrong and Washington forward-center Pervis Ellison. A sixth player will be named later.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Ticket prices are 10,300 yen, 7,210 yen and 5,150 yen and must be reserved by phone in advance. Call 03-3293-2500 between 10 a.m. and 6 p.m. from Aug. 30. Tickets will be mailed in exchange for cash by registered mail.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 21, 1994</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Daily Yomiuri</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_332"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=333>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">808 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">May</span><span class="c2"> 28, 1992, Thursday, 1* EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">COLUMN ONE</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">VANSUN</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; COLUMN ONE; Pg. D7</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">314 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> THE POST-SEASON awards are starting to pile up for the Vancouver Canucks. On Tuesday, Pat Quinn was named coach-of-the-year by The Sporting News while on Wednesday, forward Ryan Walter was honored as the 1992 NHL Man of the Year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The award is presented annually to the player best recognized in the community as a "positive role model through his conduct on and off the ice." Walter received a $ 20,000 cheque that will be split equally between Canuck Place and Montreal-based Hockey Ministries International, which runs free hockey camps for underprivileged children.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"There's one in Vancouver and one in Montreal, the two places where my heart has been," said Walter, who spent nine seasons with the Canadiens before moving to the Canucks last fall.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">JUST FILM IT</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Whistler area is providing the setting for a new series of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> TV ads now being filmed by a Portland, Ore.-based agency. The four ads follow a theme entitled "</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Wild." According to a Whistler Resort news release the commercials feature a "new line of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> active wear modelled in various action adventures such as mountain biking, wind surfing, white water rafting and mountain climbing."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The ads are expected to air nationally across the U.S.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">MOVING WEST</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Canadian Open golf tournament in Vancouver? It's not a sure thing, but Sun golf writer Arv Olson reports on page D11 today that the Royal Canadian Golf Association is considering moving the Open from its permanent site at Glen Abbey near Toronto once every five years.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">SNOW JOB</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">There are many claimants to the longest drive of all time in golf. However, an Australian named Nils Lied, working at a weather station in Antarctica, reportedly drove a ball 2,640 yards.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">How did he do it? Well, a report in "Amazing, but True Golf Facts," says the ball landed on smooth, frozen ice covering a bay and just kept rolling.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">May 28, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">RYAN WALTER (92-2312)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 CanWest Interactive, a division of<br/>CanWest Global Communications Corp.<br/>All Rights Reserved</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_333"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=334>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">809 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 25, 1992, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Jordan talks about Thomas, Olympics, Barkley and the book</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">David Dupree</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 9C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">615 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Q: Has all that has happened to you thus far this season - the book criticizing you (Jordan Rules), the licensing controversies and other things, made this year less fun than it might have been?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A: It's like a soap opera. Stay tuned for the next development. Playing basketball is fun. It's less fun off the court, though. That's been the big difference of this year and past years. I've been able to escape it all and just go out and play, but once I step off the court, there are a lot of questions I have to deal with - the book, greediness and different accusations. I just have to be truthful and stand up and answer the questions. You can't beat around the bush and say no comment, because that keeps it going.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Q: Why did you agree to play in the Olympics in the first place?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A: I wasn't really playing for financial reasons and I wasn't looking for any more endorsements. I was only playing because I wanted to hang out with the guys for the summer and be a part of history. Had I known it was going to be a headache like this from the merchandising and licensing stuff, I never would have committed to play.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Q: With the agreement between </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and NBA Properties, your likeness can't be used on apparel not sold by </span><span class="c4">Nike, and Nike</span><span class="c2"> cannot use the Olympics or its symbol on items. The That almost makes you a man without a country, doesn't it?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A: I represent a country, but I can't be sold by one.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Q: What do you think of Charles Barkley (the outspoken forward of the Philadelphia 76ers)?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A: There is always some value in what he says. Who can tell him to shut up? Nobody. He's going to say what he wants. Some people like it, some don't. There's a lot of truth in what he says, but with that truth there is always some doubt of the other stuff that's in there. Either the language or the racism that he adds to his different comments makes it difficult for most people to fully understand, but we as basketball players, and some blacks, understand what he is saying.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Q: What is the real story as to why you and Isiah Thomas don't seem to get along?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A: The problem has always been he plays for a team I don't like and I play for a team he doesn't like. I've never had a real problem with him. I just don't know him that well and he doesn't know me. There was some competitive jealousy when I first came into the league. Magic Johnson was a part of that, but I was able to spend time with him and and we got past that. There just hasn't been the opportunity for me and Isiah to spend time away from the rivalry.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Q: Who is your toughest competition in getting back to the NBA Finals?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A: I don't care what anybody says, you can't look past Detroit. They scare you. They have the experience and the same nucleus that won the back-to- backs.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Q: With Larry Bird and Magic Johnson at or near the end of their careers, how do you like being designated as the next ambassador for the NBA?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A: I think everybody is kind of force-feeding me. I'm a part of the league and I want to uphold the NBA's way, but I think other players have to help out, too. The only guy I know who carried the label of ambassador by himself for a time was Dr. J.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Q: How do most teams defense you?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A: Everyone knows that driving is my strong point and the weakest part of my game is my jump shot. So most teams try to take away the drive, but when I'm knocking down my jump shot, they usually just try to double-team me.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Q: Is Scottie Pippen the best player you ever played with?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A: In my eight years in the NBA, yeah. In some ways it's like looking at a mirror. He doesn't want to play at just one end of the floor, either, and you don't find that every day at this level. He's very dedicated.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">EAR PHOTO; color, Robert Hanashiro, USA TODAY; PHOTO; b/w, Porter Binks, USA TODAY<br/>&#160;<br/>CUTLINE: MICHAEL JORDAN: 'It's less fun off the court.' CUTLINE: 'SOAP OPERA' STAR: Michael Jordan says controversies surrounding him have made his life more complicated once he steps off the court.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">NBA; The defending NBA champion Chicago Bulls have the best record in the league and Michael Jordan is on his way to his sixth consecutive scoring title and perhaps his third MVP award. USA TODAY NBA writer David DuPree recently interviewed him, before gambling allegations concerning Jordan were reported.  Excerpts:</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_334"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=335>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">810 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">St. Petersburg Times (Florida)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">June</span><span class="c2"> 9, 1991, Sunday, City Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Jordan's a wonder, but even he questions heroes as role models</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SOURCE: </span><span class="c2">Economist</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">PERSPECTIVE; Pg. 8D</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">865 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Michael Jordan, a 28-year-old basketball player with the Chicago Bulls, is the City of Broad Shoulders' latest hero. Even in the intense, slightly unbelievable athleticism of professional basketball, he does things that make you gasp.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Many knowledgeable judges reckon he is the most thrilling player ever to grace the court. Columnist George Will has suggested, tongue only half in cheek, that (along with such luminaries as Frank Lloyd Wright and Aaron Copland) Jordan's face should grace high-denomination dollars.</span><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>&#160;<br/></span><span class="c2">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;In previous years, Jordan has had to play in a Bulls team that collapsed when the going got tough and in the National Basketball Association's play-offs, thegoing gets very tough indeed.  This year, however, the Bulls are playing the Los Angeles Lakers for the championship.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Professional basketball, more than any other American sport, is dominated by blacks. Since to play professional basketball at all you need great discipline, and to play it at Jordan's level you need extraordinary flair and imagination, it is hardly surprising that the great search for "role models" for black children should have fastened on the Bulls' star. Since Jordan is intelligent and articulate, notable for good sportsmanship and devoted to charitable work (though without ever seeming cloyingly goody-goody about it), he is an obvious choice.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;There is, however, a catch two catches, actually. The first is Jordan's association with </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> America's leading maker of sneakers. Jordan has been endorsing </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> products since 1984: the Air Jordan shoe is </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> best-selling line. He is not alone; other black heroes like filmmaker Spike Lee and John Thompson, the basketball coach at Georgetown University, also endorse </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> products.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;What is wrong with that? According to Jesse Jackson, black America's most popular politician and a basketball fan, a lot. </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> he argues, is promoting an "ethos of mindless materialism" by encouraging black children to buy sneakers (the latest Air Jordan costs $ 125) that they cannot afford. That sounds like killjoyism taken to the limit, but Jackson has a point.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;It is not as if inner-city children buy just one pair of sneakers; the pressure from the street is to keep up with the latest fashions. Some youngsters own as many as 50 pairs of sneakers; one 14-year-old boy told the Washington Post he spent $ 2,000 a year on shoes.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;You do not need to be a genius to work out one of the most likely ways in which some inner-city youngsters come by such sums: It is by selling drugs. Some drug dealers use sneakers as a way of recruiting youngsters to their gangs; some gangs identify themselves by the sneakers they wear, or accept stolen sneakers as payment for drugs. There have even been incidents where people<br/>&#160;<br/><br/>&#160;<br/>R have been murdered for their high-fashion basketball shoes.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> to be fair, makes sure that its role-model endorsers like Jordan appear in advertisements warning kids off drugs and encouraging them to stay in school. But Jackson is entitled to wonder whether those messages are as strong as the ones coming from the street.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The bigger catch is in the very idea of role models. Behind the search for role models lies the assumption that only great people such as Martin Luther King, Malcolm X or Jordan himself are worthy of emulation. When those idols are found to have feet of clay andeveryone who draws breath does the pain of disenchantment can be profound.<br/>&#160;<br/> Jordan himself knows the pressure that role-modelling puts on him: "I'm not a perfect person," he has said. He agrees with Charles Barkley, another NBA star, that the most useful role models for childrenare not heroes like himself but their parents.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;There is another drawback to role models. The majority of children have no chance of fame on the basketball court, or anywhere else. The veneration of sportsmen and women subtly denigrates more mundane but realistic goals like getting a steady job.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;What blacks need is not superstars but economic opportunity; and, as two recent sets of studies by the Brookings Institution and the Urban Institute have shown (as if the point needed laboring), anyone who thinks that they have such opportunity in the same measure as whites is deluding himself.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;None of this should be taken as an excuse to denigrate Jordan's talent. But it is a shame that America's obsession with sports means that his kind of talent is celebrated more than that of other men and women.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;As his city prepared for the NBA finals, Chicago magazine ran an article on Cyrus Colter, who in his long life has been one of Chicago's leading black lawyers, academics and public servants, and who, when most men would have put on the slippers, took to writing award-winning novels, short stories and poems. His has been an extraordinary tale; it is probably known to fewer than 1 percent of the young blacks who worship Michael Jordan.<br/> 1991 The Economist Newspaper Limited. All rights reserved.  Distributed by Special Features/Syndication Sales<br/>&#160;<br/> Reprinted from the Economist magazine.<br/></span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 12, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, Associated Press; Michael Jordan and his Chicago Bulls are playing the Lakers for the championship</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Times Publishing Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_335"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=336>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">815 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 30, 1992, Thursday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">BARCELONA OLYMPICS BARCELONA SCENE Media turnout a shoo-in with Olympians as bait</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Melissa Turner STAFF WRITERolympics; advertising; business; equipment; personalities; media</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Section F; Page 9</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">492 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Barcelona - It's Day Four of the Olympic Games and Jennifer Capriati is winning her first Olympic tennis match; the U.S. women's volleyball team is losing to blood rival Japan; and Janet Evans is swimming the 800- meter freestyle preliminaries.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">And you want to entice several hundred top reporters and photographers from the international sports press away from the venues to listen to a pitch for your new track shoes?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Right.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">So here's what you do. Post a notice on the Olympic bulletin board. "Leroy Burrell Press Conference." Burrell is only the former world-record holder and a gold medal threat in the 100-meter dash.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Of course, the sports media forgoes the competition and heads en masse to the posh Hotel Avenida Palace. They're hot to quiz Burrell on the controversy surrounding the selection of the 400-meter relay team.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">And they will, but only after picking up Asics's thick press kit, complete with color brochures and Asics Corp.'s annual report. It's the newfangled Olympic news conference. Trot out superstar athletes, offer up some food and drink and the media will come. The media gets a few good quotes, and you get your prominently displayed company logo in every photo that goes out across the international wire services.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Here in Barcelona, the ever-competitive athletic shoe companies have got this marketing ploy down.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mizuno pulled them in Friday with Carl Lewis. While Mizuno's chairman passed his new featherweight jumping shoe through the sweaty press corps imprisoned in an amphitheater at Poble Espanol on Montjuic last week, Lewis fed them bits about his devastating failure to make the 400-meter relay team.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> showed not one, but two feature-length commercials in the Palacio Balana Cinema before </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> sports marketing director Steve Miller paraded out "The Sultans of Suspension" - Michael Jordan and Sergei Bubka - to the sounds of James Browns's "Gravity." "Air Jordan" meeting "Aeroflot," quipped emcee Ahmad Rashad.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In addition to individual contracts with spokestars such as Jordan and Bubka, industry leader </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> compensates the U.S. track and field team to the tune of $ 1 million a year to wear its gear.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Asics's ambassador Burrell - as a member of the U.S. track and field team - also wears </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> uniforms, but he made it clear he wears Asics shoes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">All these sponsorships are a bit confusing for the consumer.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Japanese shoemaker Asics is the official shoe of the Barcelona Games - it supplied some 90,000 pairs to the Olympic volunteers, torch runners and organizing committee staff. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is the official shoe of the U.S. track team; but Reebok is an official sponsor of the entire U.S. Olympic team, and is supplying the official award ceremony uniforms.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">So try to picture this: Burrell wins the 100-meter in his Asics. He pulls on his Reebok suit over his </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> uniform and listens to the National anthem wearing all three brands.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Seems it's getting a bit confusing for the media, too.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">August 5, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH922180159</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">photo: The Asics' Corp. uses sprinter Leroy Burrell to lure the media in Barcelona. Each competitive athletic shoe company offers up a different athlete in its marketing ploy. / MARLENE KARAS / Staff</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_336"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=337>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">817 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">June</span><span class="c2"> 14, 1992, Sunday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Shaquille O'Neal finds good fit with Reebok</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Ernest Holsendolphbusiness; reviews; earnings; finances; personalities</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS; Section H; Page 3</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">150 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">It's Reebok!</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">When prize basketball player Shaquille O'Neal left Louisiana State this spring and put himself on the professional market, the athletic shoe makers gave him the full-court press.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Reebok beat out the others, including </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, its main rival, and gets to crow. Celebrating like a prospector who found pure gold, Reebok executives put a pair of size 21s on the young 7-footer and gave him a coming-out party last week.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Some party.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He hasn't played a minute yet for a pro team, but the Massachusetts- based maker of athletic shoes signed him to a $ 3 million-a-year contract, just to wear those shoes and speak kindly about them.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Poor </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> will have to make do with Michael Jordan.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">These shoes are big business. Reebok last year had revenue of $ 2.7 billion, mostly selling shoes and other sports apparel.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Ernest Holsendolph's column appears every Sunday, Wednesday and Friday.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">June 16, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_337"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=338>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">819 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 19, 1991, Friday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Little agency creating ads for Subaru; Firm gained fame for Bo knows' campaign</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Larry Fishautomotive; advertising</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">WHEELS; SECTION S; PAGE 10</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">929 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">PHILADELPHIA - Sales of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc.'s new cross-training athletic shoe&#160;went from zero in 1987 to an estimated $ 400 million this year, and Bo and&#160;everybody else know one big reason why.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In addition to selling a lot of shoes, the advertising campaign&#160;featuring athlete Bo Jackson firmly established the small ad shop of&#160;Wieden &amp; Kennedy as undoubtedly the hottest agency in Portland, Ore.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Now Wieden &amp; Kennedy has taken on another challenge, that of trying&#160;to get Subaru of America out of reverse. As a result of its landing the&#160;high-profile, high-billing account, Wieden &amp; Kennedy is opening a&#160;Philadelphia branch, which, by itself, will rank as one of the city's&#160;largest agencies.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The first Subaru ads by Wieden &amp; Kennedy are to appear around Labor&#160;Day. Both the car company and the agency are mum on the content, but&#160;Subaru's director of advertising, Mark Dunn, promises that "they're&#160;definitely something completely different" from other auto ads.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The campaign already is something different in one respect.&#160;Virtually all automotive advertising has been done by big Madison Avenue-&#160;based agencies. Nine-year-old Wieden &amp; Kennedy, by contrast, had never&#160;had a nationwide client until it won the account of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, based in&#160;Beaverton, Ore.; Bo knows' brought attention</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The overwhelming success of the "Bo knows" ads brought prosperity&#160;and rapid growth to Wieden &amp; Kennedy. For several years, the agency had&#160;all it could handle just keeping up with its star account.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But when Subaru went looking for a new agency about three months&#160;ago, Wieden &amp; Kennedy felt it was ready for another big account. And&#160;Subaru, suffering from losses and shrinking market share, was ready to&#160;try something fresh.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Subaru of America, based in Cherry Hill, N.J., took off in the 1970s&#160;with what was then a unique product, an inexpensive four-wheel-drive&#160;passenger car. With Subaru all the way was its New York ad agency,&#160;Levine, Huntley, Vick &amp; Beaver.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But Subaru went into a skid in the mid-'80s. Other carmakers brought&#160;out and elaborated on four-wheel-drive models, and they had other models&#160;and better-established corporate identities to lure customers.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Subaru of America began suffering losses and shrinking sales, and,&#160;last fall, the parent carmaker back in Japan, Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd.,&#160;took matters into its own hands. It bought the Subaru of America stock&#160;that had been publicly held and began direct operation of the subsidiary.; Wanted to be major account</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">On April 11, Subaru put its advertising account "into review,"&#160;meaning it was up for grabs. Subaru was looking for some specific traits&#160;in its agency, said spokesman Richard Marshall.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We wanted to be a major account but not their sole account," he&#160;said. Nor did Subaru want to be one of many sizable accounts held by an&#160;agency.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The strategy was to find an agency big enough to have the resources&#160;to service a national account but small enough that Subaru would command&#160;management's undivided attention.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A consultant helped narrow the list to a half-dozen candidates. One&#160;by one, they trooped to a meeting room in the Hyatt Cherry Hill to make a&#160;presentation for about nine top-ranking Subaru executives.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">David Luhr led Wieden &amp; Kennedy's four-hour presentation. Although&#160;he can't discuss the creative concepts he pitched, he says that the&#160;presentation was built around the idea that "Subaru always has had a&#160;distinct personality. It was not a Honda, not a Toyota; it was always&#160;styled a little differently."; Basic, reliable, but dull</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Subaru has always been thought of as a car that was "basic, Spartan,&#160;durable and reliable, but not very pretty to look at," says Mr. Marshall&#160;of Subaru.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Indeed, that is the theme of Levine, Huntley's last work for Subaru,&#160;the "Never Die" commercials that depict latter-day, upscale Subaru&#160;drivers discomfited to run across battered but hard-working old Subarus&#160;that look as if they are being driven by Okies escaping the Dust Bowl.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The ads clearly say that Subaru wants a new image. It now falls to&#160;Wieden &amp; Kennedy to determine what that image will be.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The market for compact and subcompact cars is extremely competitive,&#160;with literally dozens of similarly priced and equipped contenders.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In that kind of market, "advertising can really make a difference,"&#160;Mr. Luhr says, so Wieden &amp; Kennedy can rightly claim credit if Subaru's&#160;fortunes begin to turn around. By the same token, Subaru has placed a&#160;great chunk of its fate in the agency's hands.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Wieden &amp; Kennedy promised Subaru that it would open a branch near&#160;Cherry Hill to service the account.; Philadelphia office planned</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Bid the middle of July, Mr. Luhr also plans to staff an office of&#160;about 40. Enough people will be brought in from Portland to assure that&#160;the new office really is a Wieden &amp; Kennedy site, but the majority are&#160;expected to be new hires.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Philadelphia office will be a branch, but one that could grow as&#160;large as its home office. The Portland office has about 120 employees and&#160;handles $ 250 million in annual billings.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Subaru account alone will have 40 employees and up to $ 70&#160;million in billings. In Philadelphia, where relatively few agencies&#160;handle national accounts, few shops have billings of more than $ 100&#160;million from all sources.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mr. Luhr says the Philadelphia office eventually will look for other&#160;accounts, but for about a year or so, it will handle only Subaru.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"This is a huge account for us, and we're going to get comfortable&#160;with it first," he says.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Larry Fish writes for Knight-Ridder Newspapers.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">February 10, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">photo: The Subaru Legacy L: Although the company's cars are perceived as&#160;reliable, sales have slipped / Subaru</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_338"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=339>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">821 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">February</span><span class="c2"> 13, 1991, Wednesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Bankruptcy petition filed against Hickok's</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By - Sonia Murraybusiness; closings; courts; transactions; economy; conditions</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS; SECTION B; PAGE 09</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">150 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">After market conditions and financing problems forced Hickok's&#160;Sporting Goods to close seven of its eight stores last month, three major&#160;creditors have dealt another blow to the 32-year-old business: an&#160;involuntary bankruptcy petition.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Russell Corp., </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. and Reebok International filed the Chapter&#160;7 petition against the Atlanta-based chain last Friday in the federal&#160;bankruptcy court for the northern district of Georgia.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">An involuntary Chapter 7 petition is a way creditors can force a&#160;business into bankruptcy, sell off its assets and get their money back.&#160;The petition states Hickok's and its parent firm, the Young Group Inc.,&#160;owe the Russell Corp. $ 456,405, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> $ 377,914 and Reebok International&#160;$ 891,491 for goods sold and delivered.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Hickok's can either agree to the filing or try to fight it.&#160;Officials of the company said they were not prepared to comment.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">February 10, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_339"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=340>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">823 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">October</span><span class="c2"> 11, 1992, SUNDAY, LATE FIVE STAR Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">'PRIME TIME' WILL WORK OVERTIME SUNDAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Rick Hummel Of the Post-Dispatch Staff</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 4C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">728 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">PITTSBURGH - Deion Sanders, who might well be the Atlanta Braves' 25th man now, will play football Sunday in Miami for the Atlanta Falcons.  Sanders was to leave after Saturday's fourth game of the National League Championship Series on a private plane apparently sponsored by </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> for whom he does commercials. Sanders is paid $1 million by </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> if he plays both sports and $100,000 if he plays just one.  Additionally, he would forfeit $118,000 in football salary if he did not show up Sunday in Miami. That represents 1/17 of his $2 million salary. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is said to be planning a commercial around Sanders' two-sports-in-one-day adventure. Sanders is expected back here Sunday night for the fifth game of the playoffs.  Braves general manager John Schuerholz said he would not have placed Sanders, who's called ''Prime Time,'' on his 25-man playoff roster if he had known he was going to try to play both sports.  ''If he gets banged up and can't play, it puts us at a disadvantage,'' Schuerholz said.  Manager Bobby Cox of the Braves said, ''I thought we had him exclusively through the playoffs and the World Series, and that's not fact.'' Braves President Stan Kasten said: ''We have been informed he will play football. There's nothing else to say. Everything else will wait for another time.'' Sanders, on why he no longer is talking to the Atlanta media, or most everybody else, said: ''They had a privilege.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">They abused the privilege.  They lost the privilege.'' Bob Walk, Sunday's starter for the Pittsburgh Pirates in Game 5, made 19 starts, completing one durin g the season. He was 6-6 with a 3.38 earned-run average when starting. Walk may be remembered as the pitcher who started the first game of the 1980 World Series for the Philadelphia Phillies against the Kansas City Royals.  ''I don't think back then I realized what was happening,'' Walk said. ''I think I realize now what's at stake. It means a little bit more to me now than it did then.  ''My goal is to go out and hopefully throw six or seven innings, and when I leave the game hope my team has a chance to win.'' Walk is the only National League pitcher with at least 10 decisions a year to have a winning record in each of the last six seasons. He is also the only remaining player from manager Jim Leyland's first team, which lost 98 games in 1986.  ''The past few years I've pretty much gone wherever (Leyland) wants me to go,'' Walk said. ''When I went into his office yesterday and he told me, of course, I was surprised. I think he said, 'You're starting Game 5.' And I said, 'Starting?' '' Walk, 35, has had almost constant groin injuries the last few years. ''I don't feel I'll ever go out there again and not have an ache or pain somewhere,'' he said.  Against Atlanta, Walk is 5-9 in his career. ''They are probably one of the teams that have given me more trouble than anyone else,'' Walk said. ''I had success against a couple of guys who I won't mention - I don't want to jinx myself.'' One of them probably is Dave Justice, who is one for eight against Walk.  Otis Nixon is three for 15. However, the Braves are batting .303 overall against Walk.  While Braves catcher Greg Olson, a 1991 World Series notable who has ankle and leg injuries, entertains media as he supports himself on crutches, backup Damon Berryhill wonders why he was shortchanged.  ''I thought it was a joke,'' said Berryhill, a former Cub. ''It was like Greg had played all the games and I hadn't at all. I think he was seven games ahead of me.'' Unlike Olson, Berryhill prefers the shadows. 'Greg is a politician and I'm not one for the spotlight,'' Berryhill said.  Atlanta second baseman Mark Lemke, who has a .226 major-league career average, had 16 hits in his last 32 postseason at-bats before Saturday's game.  Braves lefthander Steve Avery, who will start the fifth game for Atlanta, has beaten the Pirates three times in succession in the last two playoff series. He has given up just four earned runs, all in the second game this year, in 22 2/3 innings.  ''Any time you have confidence against a team, it makes it easier to go out against them,'' Avery said. ''I don't know how much they think about it when I'm out there - if they're pressing a little bit to get to me early. I don't know what the reason is they haven't had much success against me, but it's an advantage for me.''</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">October 12, 1993</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">English</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Photo; Photo by AP ... The Pirates' Tim Wakefield tossing his knuckler on his way to a five-hit, 3-2 victory over Atlanta on Friday. (NOTE: Photo ran in E5 edition)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_340"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=341>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">825 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">August</span><span class="c2"> 3, 1992, MONDAY, FIVE STAR Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">EYE OPENERS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Compiled by Ray Jordan Of the Post-Dispatch Staff</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 2C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">463 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Memo to MICHAEL JORDAN: Decathlete DAVE JOHNSON, who is Mr. Reebok, says he will proudly wear the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">-sponsored U.S. track and field uniform with not a moment's thought to company loyalty and all the other Jordan-inspired malarkey. He will wear his Reebok warm-up, will strip to his </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> uniform, and stand on the medal stand (he hopes) with his official Reebok suit.  ''The reason we're here is to represent our country, not our company,'' he told BOB KRAVITZ of the Rocky Mountain News. ''When you get here, company things need to be left at home.'' Let's review, for all the brand-name shoppers. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> makes the track uniforms for the U.S. team. Champion makes the basketball uniforms. The boxing uniforms are made by adidas. Forty sponsors are paying a collective $160 million to the U.S. Olympic Committee and each athlete gets about $3,000 worth of luggage, cosmetics, jewelry, chewing gum, diet soda, etc.  But apparently that's not enough for Jordan, who probably makes more per breath than that.  ''I feel very strongly about loyalty to my own company,'' he has said.  Says MIKE LITTWIN of the Baltimore Sun: ''I'm waiting for him to say he regrets he has but one life to give to his shoe company.'' And furthermore . . . Johnson summarily dismisses the idea that Jordan or SERGEI BUBKA could become great decathletes.  ''Take my word for it,'' Johnson said. ''I can come closer to dunking a basketball like Jordan than Jordan could to pole vaulting or throwing the javelin.''</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">Wait'll promoters get wind of this. Coming soon! To an arena near you! The Battle of the World's Greatest Athletes (and shoe companies)!  Now you know: Gold, silver and bronze medals were not always the reward for finishing in the first three places at the Olympic Games. In the 1900 Paris Games, valuable pieces of art were presented instead.  For the U.S. Olympic team, one size obviously does not fit all.  Reebok says it produced 38,000 pieces of clothing in 12 sizes ranging from double extra-small for female gymnasts to size-6 extra large for MARK HENRY, the 367-pound weightlifter.  Henry may need a tuck in his tights. ''I've dropped about 4 pounds, you know, walkin' and scopin' out the local (Barcelona) scene,'' he said.  ''Ain't much food here I can call by name, but I'm hoping to get back up to 367 before my competition.'' QUOTE/UNQUOTE ''We're here for free, we've given up our summer. There's a lot of money up here, a lot of people putting their livelihoods at stake just to be here.'' MAGIC JOHNSON, Dream Teamer POST PUZZLER Who set a world long jump record during the 1924 Olympics but got only a bronze medal? (Answer Tuesday) SUNDAY'S POST PUZZLER: When was the last time an American won the 1,500 meters at the Summer Olympics?  ANSWER: Mel Sheppard in 1908.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">October 12, 1993</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">English</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Photo; PHOTO ... Joy Ride: France's ERIC SRECKI being hoisted by fans after winning the Olympic gold medal in men's individual epee fencing.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_341"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=342>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">826 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 24, 1991, Sunday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Converse in Adland, Playing Catch-Up Ball</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By AIMEE L. STERN; Aimee L. Stern is a New York-based writer who often reports on advertising.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section 3; Page 5; Column 1; Financial Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">2001 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">BOSTON</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">After more than 70 years in the sneaker business, Converse Inc. is pinning its future on five words.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Caught flatfooted in the great sneaker war of the 80's, the company has been eating the dust raised by </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> Reebok and L.A. Gear for five years. Using glitzy, celebrity-studded commercials to push one new line of high-performance sneakers after another, the Big Three have grabbed two-thirds of the athletic shoe business while helping to triple its size, to $5.6 billion annually in the United States. Meanwhile, Converse, hobbled by a scattershot approach to marketing, has been stuck with a 2 percent share.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Now the company is gambling $22 million on a new ad campaign built around the slogan, "It's What's Inside That Counts." The campaign, which begins Thursday, is designed to highlight the company's long tradition of making solid, if unexciting, sneakers -- at a price lower than the Big Three.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The campaign, which features basketball stars Larry Bird and Bernard King, is particularly important to Converse, which has recently been operating in the troubled shadow of its parent, Interco Inc. The St. Louis-based furniture and footwear company, weighed down with debt in fighting off a hostile takeover 1988 attempt, filed for bankruptcy protection earlier this year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The Boston-based advertising agency that is producing the commercials, Ingalls, Quinn &amp; Johnson, has a lot riding on the campaign as well. The second-largest agency in New England after Hill, Holiday, Connors, Cosmopulos Inc., IQ&amp;J has represented Converse for eight years and counts it as one of its most important national clients. Although IQ&amp;J largely escaped blame for past marketing failings -- Converse says a lack of direction on its own part was the chief villain -- the agency is under intense pressure to deliver the goods with the new campaign. Just last Friday, the point was underscored when Hill, Holiday lost its Reebok account.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">How Converse and IQ&amp;J worked together is a tale of creative chaos, tight deadlines and taut nerves. The three-month the effort tested the resources -- and the patience -- of client and agency both.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The effort began in earnest last September. Gordon Tucker, Converse's fourth marketing director in as many years, had concluded a summer of research with a list of adjectives that encapsulated consumer and trade perceptions of the company's major products, which include Magic Johnson basketball shoes and Chuck Taylor All Stars.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The company had been marketing its brands separately, diluting the impact of the Converse name. The adjectives -- confident, passionate, hard-working, tough, selfish and genuine -- were to be used as guidelines for pushing the Converse name itself, particularly with the key buying group, teen-agers.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">IQ&amp;J assigned two creative teams to the project to compete in coming up with the campaign, a traditional industry practice. The teams were a study in contrasts.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">One paired Don Pogany, a copywriter who recently left the agency, with Peter Favat, an art director. Both men wear faded blue jeans to work; Mr. Favat accents his with cowboy boots and a small gold earring. They had made ads before for Converse, marked by fast-paced editing and clever punch lines.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The second team, new to the Converse account, consisted of Mike Sheehan, in the copywriter slot, and Robert Rich as the art director, both of whom are more conservative in dress and taste. They favor a simple, direct approach in their ads.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">While some agencies devise campaigns on their own and present finished ideas to clients, IQ&amp;J executives prefer to hold a series of sessions in which they show their work in progress. At these, the "tissue meetings," concepts are explored through drawings on tissue paper.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Involving the client in the creative process means there are no surprises," said Bruce Kelley, IQ&amp;J's president.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The first meeting was scheduled for Nov. 13. Mr. Tucker wanted a finished campaign idea by the end of that month, in time for Converse's annual sales meeting on Dec. 2.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The two creative teams plowed through newspapers, magazines and books looking for sports images. They devised three potential campaigns, tried to eliminate one but finally decided to present all three.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The morning of the first tissue meeting was cold even by Massachusetts standards. About a dozen executives met in a cramped conference room at Converse headquarters in North Reading, Mass., about 20 miles north of Boston. The atmosphere was casual. IQ&amp;J's executive creative director, Christine Chamberlin, explained the ground rules: a first tissue meeting was meant to be a broad review, a place to discard concepts the client didn't like.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The agency opened with "Worn in the USA," which everyone agreed was the wildest but weakest idea. Mr. Favat turned on a boom box and danced around the room in flawless imitation of a team mascot at a half-time show. The campaign, he said, would depict fans of a high school football team readying themselves for the game. Mr. Tucker laughed, but it was clear he didn't take the approach seriously.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Then came a campaign built around a school locker room. One ad closed with a voice reminiscing, "The moments are temporary but some things are permanent. Converse -- some things never wear out."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">To present the third concept, "The Original," Mr. Sheehan also took his audience inside a school locker room. A coach tossed boxes of Converse sneakers at his players. "We play as a team, we dress as a team," he tells them. The tagline: "Converse -- The Original."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mr. Tucker asked the agency people which approach they preferred and Mr. Kelley pushed hard for "The Original."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"It shows there is us and there is them," Mr. Kelley said, explaining that it set Converse apart from other brands with its "pre-emptive statement" that it was the original sneaker. Mr. Tucker was unconvinced, arguing that such a distinction had little meaning outside the industry. But he liked the idea of associating Converse with the timeless moments and youthful exuberance of sports. "Sports teach kids about values," he concluded. "That image fits us."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The four members of the creative teams smiled politely like small children chastised by their mothers.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The second tissue meeting was scheduled at IQ&amp;J's offices for 5:30 P.M. on Nov. 20, two days before Thanksgiving. The meeting started about an hour late because the agency people simply couldn't agree on what to present. Some thought Mr. Tucker's suggestion of associating sports with values was hokey. Some felt Converse needed to outdo the stylized approach of other sneaker companies. Some refused to give up on "The Original."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mr. Kelley tried to start the meeting off on a positive note by introducing an idea for a new Magic Johnson billboard. Mr. Tucker hated it. The agency then tried to salvage "The Original" theme. Mr. Sheehan and Mr. Rich had discovered that several Larry Birds were listed in local phone books. They envisioned ads asking "What is an original?" in which these noncelebrities would discuss their feelings about sports. But the consensus was that the idea closely resembled Reebok's unsuccessful "UBU" (you-be-you) campaign from a couple of years earlier.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Ms. Chamberlin addressed Mr. Tucker's values issue head-on with an idea entitled "Stand for Something." She offered examples of coaches lecturing athletes on the sins of being late to practice and letting the team down. Mr. Tucker politely suggested it was too preachy.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">After four hours, Mr. Tucker was frustrated. The agency had presented a jumble of ideas. He liked the regular guy approach and was still attached to looking inside the minds of young athletes and examining their feelings about sports. Ms. Chamberlin told her staff to enjoy Thanksgiving and come in over the weekend.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But early on Monday, the 26th, Ms. Chamberlin told IQ&amp;J's chairman, Richard C. Garrison, that her staff was still at odds.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mr. Garrison drove to Converse's offices in an attempt to buy more time. Mr. Tucker refused. Mr. Garrison then vowed that by the time Mr. Tucker left Friday for his sales meeting in Miami, IQ&amp;J would have sold him a finished campaign.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mr. Garrison returned to IQ&amp;J and tersely told the Converse team they needed to stop bickering and find an answer.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The next day, the group went back to its list of 300 taglines and finally saw what it had been looking for. "It's What's Inside That Counts" had been analyzed, re-analyzed and finally dumped shortly before the previous meeting. Now, it fit the bill. It addressed the values issue that Mr. Tucker insisted upon. And the word "inside" gave Converse an opportunity to sell specific product benefits of its shoes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Armed with the tagline, the creative teams dusted off the second version of "The Original" campaign, devising a number of ads featuring noncelebrities talking about sports. (The focus ultimately changed to celebrities discussing their lives.) The campaign's tone belonged to the Sheehan-Rich team. The proposed look -- including a reliance on fast-paced editing -- came from Mr. Pogany and Mr. Favat.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mr. Garrison called Mr. Tucker to say the agency had found the answer. Privately, he and Mr. Kelley kept their fingers crossed.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mr. Tucker arrived at IQ&amp;J at precisely 8 A.M. on Friday, and two hours later he bought the campaign. When he left, he found a limousine with champagne waiting at the curb, courtesy of Mr. Garrison, to take him to the airport.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It was Mr. Tucker's turn to sell the campaign, to Converse's president, Gilbert Ford. On Saturday, Mr. Ford signed on. On Sunday, so did the sales force. Now, after nearly four months of production, the question is whether the public will sign on, too.<br/>&#160;<br/>MAKING IT -- OFF MAD. AVE.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Richard C. Garrison, the chairman and chief executive of Ingalls, Quinn &amp; Johnson, is determined to hold onto the Converse account, which, after Ocean Spray Cranberries Inc. and T. J. Maxx, a national chain of discount apparel stores, is the biggest client at the Boston-based agency.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Moreover, Mr. Garrison wants to use the new Converse campaign as a national showcase for IQ&amp;J.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"The creative element of the advertising is particularly powerful in the sneaker wars," he said. "We want to deal with accounts that have high-quality brand names and high visibility as national players."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mr. Garrison's notion of national prominence does not include moving out of Boston, however. Although many regional agencies expand by opening offices in other cities, Mr. Garrison believes national accounts will come to him.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He wants his firm to remain a single office focusing on large accounts in the Northeast corridor and linking up with international agency networks at his clients' request. He dubs IQ&amp;J a mini-network because it provides a range of communications services -- public relations, design and direct response -- in addition to advertising.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">IQ&amp;J's turbulent recent history makes Mr. Garrison leery of rapid expansion. In 1986, Quinn &amp; Johnson/BBDO, a small Boston subsidiary of the large New York agency, BBDO Inc., bought 80-year-old Ingalls Associates to create Ingalls, Quinn &amp; Johnson. But then BBDO merged with two other mega-agencies, Doyle Dane Bernbach of New York and Needham Harper Worldwide of Chicago, to form the Omnicom Group, which had $8.4 billion in billings last year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The 42-year-old Mr. Garrison, who had become president of the combined IQ&amp;J, quickly discovered he was a very small fish in a huge pond. So in February 1989, he and four partners borrowed $4.5 million to purchase IQ&amp;J. The five felt that conflicts of interest with Omnicom accounts restricted the agency's growth. Since the firm became independent, its total billings have grown 14 percent, to $134 million last year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Freedom also allowed Mr. Garrison to infuse the agency with an entrepreneurial spirit. "There's a lot of screaming and yelling and passion flowing in the halls," Mr. Garrison says with a mischievous grin. "But we don't have that many jerks."</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">March 24, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Photos: Christine Chamberlin and Richard Garrison of Boston-based IQ&amp;J (Jim Bourg for The New York Times); Bernard King and Larry Bird star in the new IQ&amp;J campaign. (Converse Inc.)<br/>&#160;<br/>Graph: "Sneakers: The Foot War," tracks sales of athletic footwear for Converse, Reebok, L.A. Gear and </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> 1987-1990 (Source: Goods Intelligence); tracks spending on adult atheltic footwear advertising, 1987-3rd quarter 1990 (Source: Leading National Advertisers)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_342"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=343>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">830 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Herald Sun</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">January</span><span class="c2"> 31, 1991 Thursday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Finals time for South</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">DESIRA P</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">475 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">SOUTH Melbourne is finding out that every one of its NSL games is a virtual Cup final.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> If it's not a local derby, it has been the pressure of bouncing back from a defeat or hitting back at criticism of its playing style. Even against the lower sides the expectations have been not only to win comfortably, but also to do it with flair.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> South's annual clashes against sister club Sydney Olympic have also been regarded as special and a means of proving which of the Greek backed clubs is more dominant in the competition.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Sunday's clash between the two in Sydney has an added ingredient, according to South striker Kimon Taliadoros.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "Every game South Melbourne plays is a big game, but personally, I have been looking forward to this one for some time," Taliadoros said yesterday.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "They knocked us out of the finals last season and this is more of a revenge game for me. It was that way when we met them at home earlier this season, but I believe we still owe them." Taliadoros celebrated his return to the senior side after a seven-week absence by scoring two goals in the 7-3 win over Wollongong Mac last Sunday.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> His effort earned him the player of the week title in the Herald-Sun </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air Golden Boot award for round 17.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "It is certainly the highest scoring game I've been involved in my senior career," he said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Taliadoros paid special credit to his striking partner Paul Trimboli for the goals.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "If you look into them, you'll find that Trimmers was involved in almost all the goals at some stage.He was an integral part of my two," he said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "As is the case with most South Melbourne goals, they were the result of excellent teamwork. I was lucky to be the last man at the end of the line to apply the finishing touch." As the player of the week, Taliadoros receives a pair of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air runners valued at $280, as well as collecting votes towards the Golden Boot.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The end of season winner of the award receives $2000 from </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Herald-Sun </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air Golden Boot Award.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Round 17. Votes. Apia v Melb Cro: 2 Selemidis (mc), 2 Blagojevic (al), 1 Davidson (mc), 1 Hughes (al). Preston v Marconi: 2 Katholos (m), 2 Catlin (m), 1 Jackson (pm), Lowe (m). South Melb v Woll Mac: 3 Taliadoros (sm), 2 Tsolakis (sm), 1 Nastevski (wm).St Geo v Syd Oly: 2 O'Shea (stg), 2 Ilic (stg), 1 Edwards (so), 1 Meier (so). Sunshine v Melita: 2 Soper (me), 2 Genc (me), 1 Brown (me), 1 Nowicki (me). Syd Cro v Adelaide C: 2 Maxwell (ac), 2 T.Vidmar (ac), 1 Stanton (scr), 1 A.Vidmar (ac). Woll City v Heidelberg: 3 Cahout (wc), 2 Kuc (wc), 1 Scott (h).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Leaders: 17 Filan. 15 Petersen. 14 P.Okon. 13 Bundalo, Petkovic. 12 Stubbins. 11 Clarkson, Jackson, Kindtner, Lowe, McCulloch. Tsolakis, 10 Blagojevic, Nowicki, Spink. 9 Biskic, Durakovic, Gray, Ivanovic, Krslovic, Kuc, Phillips, A.Vidmar. T.Vidmar. P.Wilson.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> END OF STORY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 25, 2003</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2">DHS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_343"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=344>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">832 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Herald Sun</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 14, 1991 Thursday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Davo opts to kick on</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">DESIRA P</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">394 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">ALAN DAVIDSON'S return to international soccer may well be in jeopardy with his decision to postpone indefinitely the operation he needs to repair knee ligaments.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Davidson was told by Socceroo doctor Siri Kanangara to book in for the operation, but the utility has delayed it for several weeks to help out Melbourne Croatia. He has now decided to postpone surgery until the end of the season.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "I've put it on hold and will get it done when I can (after the season)," he said yesterday. "We have had a lot of injuries and suspensions and I agreed to delay it.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "The club knows I could break down any time or, providing I'm lucky, I could go right through."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Davidson's operation will rule him out for up to five weeks and, if he was to have it immediately after the league campaign, it would virtually rule him out of international commitments.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> He may delay it further but at this stage he doesn't want to think that far ahead. The media hailed Davidson's performance on the weekend as his best club game for several seasons.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> His display in Melbourne Croatia's match at Olympic earns him the player-of-the-week title in the Herald-Sun </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air Golden Boot award.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The weekly winner receives a pair of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air runners valued at $280.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The end of season winner, based on the weekly votes, collects $2000 cash.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> St George keeper John Filan remains the leader on 18 votes. Davidson has moved up to 12 votes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Herald-Sun </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air Golden Boot Award. Round 23. Votes: Adelaide v Heidelberg: 3 Veart (ac), 2 Brattan (h), 1 Herd (h). Melita v Marconi: 3 Cerro (me), 2 Gimenez (me), 1 Lowe (m). South Melb v Woll City: 3 Yankos (wc), 2 Durakovic (sm), 1 Blair (sm). Sunshine v Apia: 3 Mori (sgc), 2 M.Brown (al), 1 McQuarrie (al). Syd Cro v Preston: 3 Franken (scr), 2 Roodhouse (pm), 1 Traianedes (pm). Syd Oly v Melb Cro: 3 Davidson (mc), 2 Marth (mc), 1 Hannah (mc). Woll Mac v St Geo: 3 Koczka (stg), 2 Baillie (stg), 1 Martin Bourke (wm).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Leaders: 18 Filan. 17 Clarkson, Franken. 16 P.Okon. 15 Blagojevic, Petersen. 14 Durakovic, Ivanovic, Phillips.13 Bundalo, Gimenez, Kuc, Petkovic. 12 Biskic, Davidson, Katholos, Kindtner, Lowe, Stubbins. 11 Herd, Jackson, Kupresak, McCulloch, Spink, Tsolakis, 10 Catlin, Cerro, C.Foster, Marth, Nowicki, Soper, A.Vidmar, Wade, Yankos.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Player of the week. Rd 23: Alan Davidson (mc).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> END OF STORY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 25, 2003</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Alan Davidson . . . critics rated his game against Olympic as his bestfor several seasons.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2">DHS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_344"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=345>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">834 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">October</span><span class="c2"> 4, 1992, Sunday, Final Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">AROUND THE NFL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">From News Services</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; PAGE D11</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">344 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">ON THE OTHER FOOT: Deion Sanders's endorsement contract with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> athletic shoes would drop sharply in value if the two-sport star decided to play only baseball or football, the Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The three-year deal signed this year gives Sanders about $ 1 million a year, provided he remains in both sports, according to an attorney who reviewed the deal for the newspaper.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> spokeswoman Lisa DeNeffe declined to comment on terms of the contract. Sanders's agent, Eugene Parker, could not be reached, the newspaper reported yesterday.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">If Sanders, who is an outfielder for the Braves and a cornerback for the Falcons, decided to play just one sport, the contract's value would drop to about $ 100,000, the Journal-Constitution said. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> also has an option to drop the contract completely if Sanders chooses one sport.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sanders appeared headed toward making a decision to play either baseball or football exclusively. However, he reached an agreement this summer to remain a part-timer with each team.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">MOVES: The Broncos waived RB Jeff Alexander and signed LB John Sullins from the practice squad. ... The 49ers activated WR Ron Lewis and placed LB Mitch Donahue on IR.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">NO DEFENSE: The only knock on the newest member of the Dolphins is that he's too small to play in the defensive line.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">That's where Miami really needs help. But the Dolphins instead spiced up their offense this week by signing free agent TE Keith Jackson.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">With Dan Marino, Richmond Webb and the three Marks -- Clayton, Duper and Higgs -- Miami already had one of the most potent offenses in the NFL.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"It seems like every year we load up on offense," Higgs said. "Hopefully we'll load up on defense like that one of these days."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Going into today's AFC East showdown at Buffalo, doubts persist as to whether the Dolphins can stop a good team. They ranked second-worst in the NFL last year in run defense. So why spend $ 6 million on Jackson?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"He's just a great football player," Marino said. "Any quarterback would want that addition to their offense."</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SERIES: </span><span class="c2">Occasional</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">NATIONAL NEWS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_345"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=346>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">836 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">St. Petersburg Times (Florida)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">June</span><span class="c2"> 6, 1992, Saturday, City Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Sanchez Vicario wins 3 doubles matches</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SOURCE: </span><span class="c2">Compiled from Wire Reports</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; FRENCH OPEN NOTEBOOK; Pg.  6C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">374 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">PARIS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Unfazed by her semifinal loss to Steffi Graf a day earlier, Arantxa Sanchez Vicario stormed back Friday to win three matches in one day at the French Open, one in women's doubles and two in mixed doubles.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Today's schedule is almost as tough. She and Conchita Martinez are to play a women's semifinal in the early afternoon against Jana Novotna and Larisa Savchenko-Neiland.</span><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>&#160;<br/></span><span class="c2">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Shortly afterward, Sanchez Vicario and Todd Woodbridge are to face Lori McNeil and Bryan Shelton in the mixed doubles final on center court.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;It's the second year in a row Sanchez Vicario has reached the&#160; semifinals in three events.<br/> Courier may have $ 24-million </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> deal<br/><br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;Jim Courier reportedly has signed a six-year, $ 24-million clothing contract with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Asked to confirm the deal, Courier's coach Jose Higueras said, "Well, if I were getting that much money, I'd wear anything."<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Higueras told reporters he didn't know about the contract, but he was wearing a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> warmup suit.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Courier has been under contract with the Italian clothing manufacturer Diadora.<br/> Agassi's hats<br/> hide balding head<br/><br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;Andre Agassi wears caps, bandanas and other assorted headgear because he wants to hide his increasingly thinning hair, says the French sports daily L'Equipe.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The paper reported Friday that Agassi doesn't take off his cap in the locker room and that his fellow pros tease him mercilessly.<br/> Therapist helps French players<br/><br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;Before losing to Petr Korda in Friday's semifinals, Henri Leconte seemed to be playing on a cloud. That's because he feels loved by the fans, said psychoanalyst Georges Ejzenberg, who has worked with many top French sports figures.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Athletes call Ejzenberg a "motivational manager," who eases them&#160; through winning and losing.<br/> Making finals<br/> satisfies hunger<br/><br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;Jakob Hlasek was asked how it felt after he and fellow Swiss Marc Rosset reached the men's doubles final.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Rosset: "This makes me very happy, even if you can't compare it to a Grand Slam singles final."<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">What does it compare to?<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;"Well, let's say it's like a cheeseburger and fries."<br/> WIRE SERVICES<br/></span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 3, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">DIGEST</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Times Publishing Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_346"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=347>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">839 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">November</span><span class="c2"> 28, 1992, Saturday, 1* EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Paralysed driver barred from suing</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">LARRY STILL; VANSUN</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2"> Pg. B3</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">432 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> An impaired driver left paralysed by a highway crash after drinking beer supplied with dinner at his workplace has been barred from suing his employer for damages.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Michael Jacobsen, 19, claimed </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Canada Ltd. breached its duty of care to him, an inexperienced drinker, when it provided him with alcohol as an incentive or reward to work overtime.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He said </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, having allowed him to continue to consume alcohol after he became intoxicated, knew or ought to have known he was unable to drive his vehicle due to fatigue and alcohol consumption.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Lawyers for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, citing a legal precedent that says no one can benefit from his or her own wrongdoing, argued in a pre-trial motion that Jacobsen's action should not be allowed to proceed.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">B.C. Supreme Court Justice Richard Blair agreed, saying: "The conduct of the plaintiff (Jacobsen) is the type which society is trying to eradicate.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"The dangers of driving while impaired are great and devastating, particularly to the innocent users of the highway who have the misfortune to become involved in traffic accidents caused by persons who are driving while impaired.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"For this court to allow the plaintiff's claim to proceed would be to condone the actions of the plaintiff, who was clearly defying the law in driving while his ability to do so was impaired by alcohol."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The court was told Jacobsen worked a 16-hour day on Sept. 6, 1991, part of it at B.C. Place Stadium, where he and other employees erected a trade show display for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">When he finished work, Jacobsen was supplied with a dinner consisting of fried chicken and salad. A choice of beverages, including beer and soft drinks, was available.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jacobsen consumed two bottles and four cans of beer supplied by </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He then went with a co-worker to two nearby drinking establishments, where he drank another bottle of beer, part of a half pint of draft beer and a full pint of draft.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Driving home alone to Port Moody on the Trans Canada Highway at about 2:15 a.m., Jacobsen lost control of his vehicle, swerved across the nearside lane and crashed into a ditch. He was rendered a quadriplegic.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Expert evidence at the hearing indicated Jacobsen's blood-alcohol content at the time of the accident would have been between .17 and .20, substantially above the legal limit.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Blair, upholding the legal precedent cited by </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, quoted an earlier judgment in which Justice Martin Taylor said: "It would be manifestly unacceptable to fair-minded, or right-thinking, people that a court should lend assistance to a plaintiff who has defied the law."</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 29, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 CanWest Interactive, a division of<br/>CanWest Global Communications Corp.<br/>All Rights Reserved</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_347"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=348>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">842 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">October</span><span class="c2"> 10, 1991, Thursday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">New league out to motivate fans</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Michael Hiestand</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 2C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">522 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The Greenville (S.C.) Spinners haven't played a game - or even finalized their roster.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But the Global Basketball Association team has a novel idea for sports teams looking for new revenues: Instead of just giving career counseling and motivational speeches to your players, make a business out of providing them to your fans.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">By the time the GBA - a new pro league with 11 U.S. franchises - tips off in November, the Spinners hope to have signed up a number of local companies for motivational seminars.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">They won't be your typical corporate outings. Figuring there's a growing demand for corporate seminars that help develop teamwork and concern for quality, the club will work with a local technical college to provide motivational speakers and career and family counselors. After daytime seminars, workers will attend a Spinners game.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Spinners coach Joe Williams, who coached at Jacksonville, Furman and Florida State, says seminars will come with a range of options. Companies can opt to have their signs spread along the length of the court at the game that ends their motivational outing. Or let their key employee throw out the first ball at tipoff time.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But companies shouldn't get their hopes up too much. Seminar prices vary and are negotiable. But the Spinners top price, for their ''Grand Slam Outing,'' is close to what New York Knicks coach Pat Riley gets for a motivational speech: $ 15,000.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">IT'S THE SHOES: </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> spent $ 178.8 million on advertising in 1990, says Advertising Age, which makes the shoemaker the USA's 58th-biggest advertiser. Last year, the trade magazine ranked it 99th.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But the Alliance for the Mentally Ill of New York State, an advocacy group, thinks </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> still has something to learn about marketing - at least about showing sensitivity to the mentally ill.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The group has criticized a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> magazine ad, featuring San Francisco 49er Jerry Rice. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> says the ad refers to Rice following the inspirations of his inner voice, with copy reading ''crazy people talk to themselves. And finally, you realize, only a madman doesn't listen.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> says it won't drop the ad but will cancel billboards for cross- training shoes using athe tagline ''Multiple Personalities.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">CARD BEARER: Jack Nicklaus' Golden Bear International, along with Marine Midland Bank, is introducing a VISA affinity credit card. Along with various golf discounts, users get a Nicklaus golf tip on every monthly statement. ... Coming this Christmas: Cardboard cutouts of CNN sports anchors to help promote a sports video, part of a merchandising push that might result in watches and luggage with the cable network's logo. ... In its biggest promotion, Chrysler will team with K mart and CBS for promotions tied to the 1992 Winter Olympics. Chrysler, reportedly, will spend about $ 50 million for ads on CBS broadcasts. ... Changing times: A new $ 30 Cardillo Cross-Trainer spandex weightlifting belt hopes to compete with traditional leather belts made for heavy lifting. Also, Weslo Inc. of Logan, Utah, is introducing a home treadmill with a VCR hookup to show users Utah's red rock desert as they exercise.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">SPORTS BUSINESS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_348"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=349>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">845 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">December</span><span class="c2"> 28, 1992, Monday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Remarkable ads sparkled</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">MONEY; Pg. 4B</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">526 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Reebok's heroes: Reebok's dueling-decathletes ad campaign hit its stride only when the athletes themselves faltered. When Dan O'Brienwashed out at the Olympic Trials, Reebok turned footage of his defeat - and rival Dave Johnson's sympathetic hug - into an ad that packed in as much drama as 16 days of the Games. Failure has never seemed so honorable.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Agency: Chiat/Day/Mojo<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> clowns: How could you go wrong with Michael Jordan and Bugs Bunny in one ad? They teamed up in this 60-second Super Bowl spot that ought to be running on the Cartoon Network - as programming. Bugs gets to run through his typical carrot-schtick, - including putting on a dress, - and Jordan does a good Porky Pig.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Agency: Wieden &amp; Kennedy<br/>&#160;<br/> Boomer humor: For those whose love beads have given way to love handles, Lee's funny ads for its Easy Riders made their point with a gentle poke rather than a pinch. In one, a jeans button pops and ricochets around the living room like a bullet in a Western. In another, a slightly smug shower singer goes from tenor to soprano when he zips his pants. The company's ads for women put female voices in men's mouths, without demeaning either sex. Not easy - and not very common.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Agency: Fallon McElligott<br/>&#160;<br/> AT&amp;T's split screen: Truly interesting long-distance company ads are rarer than a 10-cent pay phone. This one was visually glorious, -and bypassed the now-hackneyed special effect of transforming images on the screen, called morphing. Cliff Robertson was still droning away in the background about worldwide long-distance, but it was easy to get lost in admiring the smoothly flowing images and the ethereal soundtrack instead.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Agency: Young &amp; Rubicam<br/>&#160;<br/> Bud's fridge break: Amid all the sweaty hoopla of the summer Olympics, Budweiser rolled out an ad that relied on a clever idea instead of a celebrity endorsement. Babe-free, regular-Joe-free, the ad simply pictured a refrigerator and a caption telling viewers that, unlike other advertisers, Budweiser wouldn't mind if they skipped watching the commercial to grab a cold beer. Now that's a dry beer ad.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Agency: DMB&amp;B</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Planes, fashion and birds in best of rest<br/>&#160;<br/> - United Airlines: ''Parrot'' - A Brazilian parrot pecks out the airline's theme song to push United's service to Rio. Not only can that bird play Gershwin, he can act.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- Saturn: ''Schoolteacher'' - The true story of a teacher who writes to the factory workers building her car. They tape her photo to the rearview mirror as the car goes down the assembly line. Sweet, not schmaltzy.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- US West: ''Voice messaging'' - Remember the geeky guy from Bud Dry's ''Why can't they love us for our minds'' ad? He redeemed himself here as a deadpan office assistant denying he broke the answering machine.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- Kmart: ''Fashion'' - Upscale women and sharp dialogue acknowledging Kmart and fashion aren't usually associated. If the clothes are as slick as the ads, they're the next Gap.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- Doritos: ''George Foreman I-V'' - Who taught those kids to act so cute? You did, Dad.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- Coca-Cola: New Times Square sign - a $ 3 million Broadway production. It was better than Cats.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">EAR PHOTO, color; PHOTOS, b/w (5)<br/>&#160;<br/>CUTLINE: BUGS BUNNY: Takes it to the hoop with Michael Jordan in acclaimed </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> ad. CUTLINE: PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION: AT&amp;T's ad shows a London double-decker bus transform almost seamlessly into an Asian elephant. CUTLINE: REEBOK AD: Dave Johnson reacts as teammate Dan O'Brien fails to make U.S. Olympic Team. CUTLINE: THE FRIDGE: The ad Bud gave viewers permission to miss. CUTLINE: HOOPS AND HOCKS: Jordan and Porky Pig in </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> ad. CUTLINE: HIGH-SPEED PROJECTILE: In Lee ad, family escapes flying jeans button.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">BEST AND WORST ADS OF 1992; See info box at end of text; The few, the proud, the ads you actually want to watch. Some you even want to see more than once.  They're beautiful to look at, and they've got something to say. Here's a look at the best.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_349"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=350>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">848 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">September</span><span class="c2"> 24, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> plan to shift China operations;<br/>&#160;</span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> takes steps to shift part of production from mainland</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By LOUISE LUCAS in Portland and CHRIS CHAPEL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Business; Pg. 1</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">719 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> SPORTS shoe giant </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has drawn up plans to shift up to US$ 150 million worth of production out of China if the US acts on its Section 301 mainland hit list.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The multi-billion dollar group says it will be forced to raise the price of running and sports shoes by up to 15 per cent if the US refuses to back down on threats to double tariffs.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> investor relations director Mr Ron Parham said: "We have put together very extensive contingency plans in the case of the sanctions being levied against China.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "We will shift products back to other bases. Every product built in China is also built in other countries, and it would take us only three to five months to fully transfer all our China volume into a variety of other countries."</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The US has imposed an October 10 deadline for the resolution of the acrimonious dispute over US access to the Chinese market.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has already mounted an intensive lobbying campaign in Congress to avoid the punitive measures, which it claims will damage the industry as a whole.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> If no agreement is reached by midnight on October 10, the US will impose punitive tariffs of up to 100 per cent on up to $ 3.9 billion in annual Chinese exports to the US. China has said it has drawn up a list of its own covering a similar amount of US exports.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The National Retail Federation has told the Office of the US Trade Representative in the current public hearings in Washington that punitive tariffs against Chinese imports would strike a "severe blow to American consumers" and could cripple some retailers as they head into the Christmas season.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> currently produces some 20 per cent of its shoes in China, representing about $ 300 million in turnover for fiscal 1993, shared among seven factories on the mainland.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Production vice-president Dave Taylor said: "In the first six months of this year over 40 per cent of all shoes imported into the US came from China, so if the Section 301 hit list is enacted there is serious, serious damage to the US retail industry. It's a huge deal.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "The idea behind 301 is to make it impossible to do business, so it punishes the importing country."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> In Hongkong, a spokesman for Yue Yuen Holdings, one of </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> main suppliers of Chinese-made shoes, said the threats applied mainly to domestic US consumption and were of no great concern to the company.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Yue Yuen executive director Steve Li I-nan said: "They are trying to convince the authorities not to act. We will take note of it for reference but they are being forced to say things to influence people in the US not to take action."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The US market accounted for about 69 per cent of Yue Yuen's turnover in the five months to February this year, but European sales had expanded strongly and were expected to increase as a proportion of total sales over the next few years, Mr Li said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> He added that </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, one of Yue Yuen's four biggest customers, realised "China is the best place to make shoes" on a cost basis.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> Mr Taylor agreed, saying China offered "the lowest cost source; one of the best quality sources, and a huge labour pool".</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> According to Mr Parham, shifting production out of China to other Southeast Asian Markets would add around 10 to 15 per cent to manufacturing costs.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "To some extent shoes will become more expensive if the levies are enacted by Congress. Unfortunately that hits the consumer," he said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and its competitors also face a squeeze from the other side of the Atlantic, with new EC quotas.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Mr Taylor said the EC-imposed quotas - originally scheduled to take place this year but postponed as member countries failed to agree on a package - had already prompted the company to adopt contingency plans.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "We have lobbyists in Europe monitoring the whole thing for us," he said. "We are using contingency plans right now, because some countries are not taking products in. France have got quotas, but we are working round them.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "It's a problem. We just need to know what the rules are to figure how we can work on them."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Europe is </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> biggest market after the US. The group plans to do 50 per cent of total sales abroad by fiscal 1996.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> It reckons the non-US market is worth between $ 8 billion and $ 10 billion, with around one-third coming from the Asia-Pacific region and half from Europe.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">October 24, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">PUB-TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Newspaper</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 South China Morning Post Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_350"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=351>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">850 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">St. Petersburg Times (Florida)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">January</span><span class="c2"> 16, 1992, Thursday, City Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Market hits new high</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS; BUSINESS DIGEST; Pg. 1E</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">549 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">MARKET HITS NEW HIGH. The stock market kept its recent rally rolling to new highs Wednesday, powered by mounting hopes for a sustained economic recovery. The Dow Jones average of 30 industrials, up 60.60 points on Tuesday, rose another 12.30 to 3,258.50. Volume on the Big Board came to an estimated 312.40 illion shares as of 4 p.m. EST, up from 264.55 illion on Tuesday.</span><span class="c2">&#160;<br/></span><span class="c2"> Nation<br/> Domestic production of oil falls sharply<br/><br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;With oil companies focusing on foreign fields, U.S. crude oil production declined dramatically in the latter part of 1991, painting "a bleak picture" for domestic producers, industry officials said Wednesday.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The American Petroleum Institute reported that domestic production dropped 2 percent in the fourth quarter of 1991 to the lowest fourth-quarter level in 30 years and continues to decline at an annual rate of 300,000 barrels a day.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;A year ago U.S. production had stabilized, said Edward Murphy, the institute's director of finance and statistics. But the decline resumed during 1991 when producers failed to get needed tax breaks and it became clear congressional efforts to enact a new energy plan would be unsuccessful, he said.<br/><br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;BOOK CRITICAL OF </span><span class="c4">NIKE</span><span class="c2">. Steroid use by </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">-sponsored athletes and widespread under-the-table payments to amateur competitors are among the allegations in a book released this week that details the inner workings of the athletic shoe and apparel giant. Swoosh, The Story of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and the Men Who Played There was written by sisters Julie Strasser and Laurie Becklund. The authors write that competitors for Athletics West, the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">-sponsored track club that operated from 1977-1985, used steroids and officials of the club were aware of the practice.<br/> Tampa Bay/State<br/><br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;WOLF BROTHERS CLOSING STORE. Wolf Brothers, an upscale clothing retailer founded in downtown Tampa 94 years ago, will close its location in the city's central business district on Friday, said Fred Wolf, the store's manager and a grandson of the founder.  Wolf Brothers, owned by Chicago-based Hartmarx, was unable to renew its lease with the Lykes Co. that owns the old First National Bank building at Franklin and Madison streets. The retailer could not find another downtown location, Wolf said. He said the store's 15 employees either will retire or move to other Wolf Brothers locations.<br/> Earnings<br/><br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;WACHOVIA REPORTS LOSS. Wachovia Corp. reported a loss of $ 40.6-million, or 46 cents a share, in the fourth quarter of 1991, blaming the results on special charges arising from its merger with South Carolina National Corp. That compares with earnings of $ 84.4-million, or 98 cents a share, during the three months ended Dec. 31, 1990. For the full year, net income totaled $ 229.5-million, down 34 percent from $ 345.7-million in 1990. Wachovia, based in Winston-Salem, N.C., acquired South Carolina National on Dec. 6 in an $ 848-million stock swap, giving Wachovia combined assets of $ 33.1-billion.<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; DOW&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; DOLLAR&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;YIELD<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 30 Industrials&#160;&#160;&#160;VS Japanese Yen&#160;&#160;&#160;30-Year U.S. Bonds<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 3258.50&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 128.66&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 7.57&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; +12.30&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;+1.81&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;+0.05&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<br/></span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 4, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">DIGEST</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Times Publishing Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_351"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=352>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">853 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 14, 1991, Thursday, Final Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">John Thompson's </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> Connection</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">Richard Cohen</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">EDITORIAL; PAGE A25</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">755 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">John Thompson, the renowned Georgetown University basketball coach, is good at what he does -- and that's not limited to coaching. He likes his players to be fine students as well as fine athletes, and in this and other ways he proves that he is a man of some values. One of them, unfortunately, is to sound like Adam Smith's parrot.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Capitalism, capitalism, Thompson squawks when asked about the $ 200,000 or so he gets annually from </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoes. In exchange, Thompson shoes his team in </span><span class="c4">Nikes</span><span class="c2">. He makes public appearances for the firm. He acts as one of their spokesmen, and he tried, without success, to broker a deal between </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and Jesse Jackson over minority hiring and other such matters. Even Big John Thompson doesn't win them all.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">If patriotism is the last refuge of the scoundrel, then capitalism must run it a close second. It's often invoked as a lame excuse, an attempt to duck a moral argument by saying all ways of earning money are equal. But across town from Georgetown is the University of the District of Columbia. It's the city's public institution of higher learning, and many of its students are poor. On its basketball team is one Keith Goodie. He owns 56 pairs of sneakers.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Goodie is to sneakers what Imelda Marcos was to pumps. In his addiction, he is in no way typical, but he is representative. He told The Post he doesn't know anyone who doesn't own at least 25 pairs. To this, people in the sneaker business would only shrug their shoulders in cynical acknowledgment: What else is new? They know that athletic shoes make a major fashion and status statement in the inner city. Lots of poor kids have dozen of pairs, and they are the shoes of preference for drug dealers.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jesse Jackson had his own differences with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">. But when it comes to sneakers in general, what he says makes sense. These shoes, selling for as much as $ 135 a pair, are symbolic of an urge to showboat. They are worn by kids whose pride, whose entire self-esteem, is on their feet or on their backs. They spend recklessly because they think they have no future, and they have no future because, among other reasons, they have little self-discipline. Jackson to his credit says so.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It goes without saying that poor people have little money. But they often lack something else as well: a refusal to postpone gratification. Whether it's having a child when too young or squandering money on athletic shoes, this behavior is characteristic of the culture of poverty. So, too, in a way is basketball. It's a game of youth that promises an almost instant payoff for the extremely talented. But as a way out of poverty, it has the long odds of a lottery: just a handful win.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Thompson and the other coaches who have contracts with shoe firms surely understand the lure of basketball and the impact famous coaches have. But instead of acknowledging that their endorsements only reinforce a destructive mentality, they proclaim a mindless allegiance to the free-market system. "So all of a sudden it's a sin in this society for a person to be capitalistic?" Thompson said. "But as long as I live in America, that's exactly what I am going tobe."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Trouble is, Thompson's role as a capitalist is in direct conflict with his role as a mentor to young black athletes and, since basketball is king, to young black males in general. When his team takes the court with everyone wearing </span><span class="c4">Nikes</span><span class="c2">, not only do the people in the arena notice but so does everyone watching television. After all, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is paying him big bucks expecting a big payoff. Here is the ultimate in false values: a team wearing a certain shoe so that the coach can make a buck.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But what if Thompson allowed his players to wear any shoe they wanted? What if kids all over America could see that one sneaker is very little different from another and their obsession with name brands (at incredible profit margins) marks them as suckers? What if they gleaned the message that the shoes and their look didn't matter at all, but that performance was everything? Isn't that a lesson that transcends shoes?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Of all that ails the black underclass, a weakness for expensive sneakers is hardly the most serious. But as Jesse Jackson knows, it is representative of a larger problem, one personified by a college student who squanders his money on shoes -- making rich people even richer and himself a bit poorer. In this regard, John Thompson and other basketball coaches offer nothing in the way of rebuke. In perhaps the most important respect, the coach is not coaching.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SERIES: </span><span class="c2">Occasional</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">OPINION EDITORIAL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_352"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=353>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">856 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">May</span><span class="c2"> 16, 1991, Thursday, Final Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">John Carmody, Washington Post Staff Writer</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">STYLE; PAGE D6; THE TV COLUMN</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">1558 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">C-SPAN will provide live coverage of Queen Elizabeth II's address to a joint meeting of Congress today, starting at 11:40 a.m... .</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Donahue" (Channel 9 at 9 a.m.) this morning asks, "Did Reagan and Bush Delay the Hostage Release to Win the (1980) Election?" Among the guests: Gary Sick, former National Security Council aide in the Carter administration ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Children's Television Workshop yesterday announced its "most exciting and innovative project since 'Sesame Street,' " an ambitious $ 20 million-a-year multimedia effort designed to help 7- to-10-year-olds understand what they read and to help them write clearly ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, the athletic footwear giant, will contribute $ 5 million, the largest single corporate grant ever made for a children's educational television project. CTW has also committed some $ 6 million of its own funds ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Centerpiece of the project will be a weekly, half-hour action-adventure drama called "Ghostwriters," which is expected to premiere on PBS in the fall of 1992 ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">According to CTW president David Britt, "Ghostwriters" will feature "a gang of six youngsters -- including black, Latino, Asian as well as white -- plus an invisible seventh, a ghost" ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The ghost, who is silent but whose words appear on the TV screen, will be the "motivator," explained Britt, "making the kids understand how important it is to express yourself well, to communicate, how reading and writing are relevant" ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Britt expects that each program will also include a celebrity guest who will "read something" and "suggest a writing project -- maybe asking the kids to keep a diary for a week, things like that" ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He predicted that " 'Ghostwriter' will capture the contemporary beat of MTV, the graphic look of print on screen, elements of the popular culture and a dramatic format to create the program and the excitement surrounding it" ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Britt said current plans "hopefully" call for 48 new programs a year for three years, to be produced over perhaps a five-year period, and representing a potential outlay of some $ 60 million eventually ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He said the bulk of the $ 20 million annual budget would be expended on a national campaign to reach children at home, in school and in community environments.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">Highlights of the campaign: 20 million copies of a mini-magazine to be distributed free in conjunction with the program; more than 200,000 copies of teachers' materials to be distributed through a variety of channels; a nationally syndicated weekly newspaper column; and two nationwide contests to be conducted during the show's first season ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In addition to the funds provided by </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and CTW, PBS is contributing $ 2.8 million; the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation, $ 1 million; and the Mary Reynolds Babcock Foundation, $ 100,000 ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Richard K. Donahue, president of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, said yesterday that his company's contribution is "a continuation of a lot of other things -- our participation in the Stay in School program last year, our work with the National Education Association. We saw it as an extremely high-quality opportunity that was difficult to pass up ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"It is worthwhile making this kind of an investment because it lasts well beyond the period in which it's actually operating. The size of this project gives us a chance to focus on something that's needed -- and usually you can't identify the impact. We're very proud we can participate" ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Now ThisAt the last minute, somebody up in New York forgot to tell him about the mandatory drug tests at ABC so it wasn't until yesterday -- a day late -- that ABC News could officially announce that Tom Bettag has been named executive producer of "Nightline" ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">By the afternoon, he was in Washington to introduce himself to the staff of 15 at the News bureau and discuss the night's program with anchor Ted Koppel ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The former executive producer of "CBS Evening News With Dan Rather" is no stranger to Washington. He began his broadcasting career as an assignment editor at the CBS News Washington bureau 22 years ago ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Bettag, 46, is only the fourth executive producer in the 11-year history of the very successful late-night show. Bill Lord, Rick Kaplan and Dorrance Smith preceded him ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Bettag said an increased emphasis on investigative reporting can be expected. He said the program does so superbly during crises -- such as the Persian Gulf War -- that the trick will be to maintain that kind of momentum. "I think I've just got to remind them once in a while of just how good they are" ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">His predecessor, Smith, departed for the White House in March. Bettag said the fact that "Nightline" continued to operate without a glitch and without an executive producer for the next two months was another sign of "just how strong this program really is" ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He will operate out of New York, where another 15-plus "Nightline" staffers work, at least for the time being. Manhattan-based ABC News president Roone Arledge likes to keep an eye on his executive producers ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Bettag had been executive producer at "Evening News" for five years when he was replaced earlier this year by Erik Sorenson ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Two more ABC notes: Arledge received an honorary doctorate in humane letters from Boston University this past weekend. According to BU President John Silber, Arledge's "programming innovations have transformed broadcast news reporting. You have increased the range of news coverage, developed new kinds of news programming such as 'Nightline' and dramatically increased the size of the television news audience. You are perhaps better known to the general public for your achievements in sports broadcasting, but we take particular note of your accomplishment in raising the industry standard for television news coverage; it is in this context that we propose to honor you" ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">And a video salute prepared by producer Rhonda Roberts and videotape editor Rick Watkins at the ABC News bureau here will be shown to guests tonight at the annual White House News Photographers Association dinner, which will be held at the Washington Hilton ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The video uses footage shot at home and in the Middle East as a tribute to the men and women who served in the Persian Gulf War and the members of the media who covered it ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The video is about eight minutes long and is set to the music of M.C. Hammer's "Can't Touch This" and Whitney Houston's version of "The Star-Spangled Banner" ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The network premiere of " 'Crocodile' Dundee II" Tuesday night earned a 13.6 national Nielsen rating and a 23 percent audience share between 9 and 11 and enabled CBS to win the evening ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Each national ratingzzzz point represents 931,000 TV homes ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Over on ABC, the season finale of "Roseanne" averaged a 14.6/24, the penultimate episode of "STAT" did an 11.8/19 and an original "thirtysomething" -- during which Michael finally quit the agency!!! -- averaged a 9.4/16. If you're keeping track, the season finale (or worse!) of "thirtysomething" will be May 28 ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">On NBC, "Perry Mason: The Case of the Glass Coffin" averaged a 12.8/22. A very good "Shannon's Deal," which followed at 10, drew exactly the same number "thirtysomething" did for ABC. That is not good. Symmetrical, perhaps. But not good ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"China Beach will fill that yawning "thirtysomething" slot next month, returning to temporary active duty after a fans' write-in protest campaign to ABC network officials ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Emmy-winning "China Beach" was suspended in December with seven episodes remaining to be aired. Those episodes will be shown on Tuesdays at 10 p.m. beginning June 4 ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">No word yet on the future of "CB." ABC is to announce its fall schedule next week ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">More HonorsChannel 9 was among the 24 winners of awards presented by Action for Children's Television (ACT) earlier this week at the National Press Club ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Nine was the only network affiliate honored in the Commercial Television category. WUSA's "In Our Lives" series was tapped, said ACT, because of its "dramatic vignettes helping teens learn to cope" ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The 10-year-old "In Our Lives" is the only regularly scheduled, locally produced TV show in this market that "provides a forum for teens to express their needs, problems and concerns," according to WUSA. Pauley Gwynn is host; Triona Mance-Lee, senior producer; Khalim Piankhi, executive producer; and Mike Mannarino, producer ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Among the other honors distributed by ACT were two "stop, look &amp; listen awards," which went to Turner Broadcasting System's "CNN Newsroom" for "delivering ad-free news daily to nearly 20,000 U.S. schools"; and ABC News for the special "War in the Gulf: Answering Children's Questions," cited as "a timely response to children's needs in a national crisis" ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">And a Washington production was among the winners of the 23rd annual Robert F. Kennedy Journalism Awards presented yesterday at a ceremony at the McLean home of Ethel Kennedy ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The first prize in television went to a "Frontline" segment called "Throwaway People" that "examined how the once proud and successful black community of Shaw in Washington, D.C., has declined and become part of the black underclass" ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Producer-director was Sherry Jones, whose Washington Media Associates has previously won two Du Pont/Columbia journalism awards. Roger Wilkins was correspondent and Foster Wiley was co-director ...</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SERIES: </span><span class="c2">Occasional</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">COLUMN</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_353"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=354>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">858 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">February</span><span class="c2"> 21, 1991, Thursday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Sporting goods firms expect OK year</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Jeffry Scott Staff writersports; equipment; industry; sales; economy; conditions</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS; SECTION D; PAGE 07</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">339 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">The sporting goods industry resembles Dominique Wilkins's missed&#160;slam-dunk in this year's NBA All-Star game: There's still plenty of&#160;spring in its legs, but maybe not what there used to be.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">That was the message, in effect, that John D. Riddle, president of&#160;the Sporting Goods Manufacturers Association, deliverd to analysts&#160;Wednesday. They were gathered at the Georgia World Congress Center on the&#160;eve of the industry's annual Super Show mega-convention.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mr. Riddle said the $ 30 billion industry grew 6 percent last year -&#160;good, compared with the 2 percent overall growth of U.S. manufacturing,&#160;but sharply down from the double-digit growth in the 1980s.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Manufacturers are prepared for a good, but by no means great,&#160;year," said Mr. Riddle, who attributed the slowdown to the recession and&#160;tight credit.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sales growth this year will be driven by sports apparel and&#160;equipment for tennis, bowling and billiards, Mr. Riddle said, estimating&#160;8 percent increases.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In previous years, athletic shoes put the bounce in the industry's&#160;step. But shoe sales may rise only 6 percent this year, he predicted.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Apparel sales, worth $ 13.6 billion, will eclipse total sales for all&#160;sporting equipment at $ 10.9 billion, he predicted.; Pumping it up</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Athletic shoe manufacturers, meanwhile, have stepped up rivalries to&#160;increase their sales.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">No. 2 Reebok three weeks ago launched its most agressive advertising&#160;effort yet, attacking No. 1 </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> with a $ 20 million campaign using the&#160;slogan "Pump up, and air out." </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> cried foul, claiming Reebok was&#160;abusing </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> endorsers by mentioning them in Reebok's ads.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Reebok Chairman Paul Fireman told analysts Wednesday the company&#160;plans to step up the attack, pumping an additional $ 15 million into its&#160;ad budget this year, for a total of $ 70 million.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Meanwhile, Reebok said it plans to buy up 21.3 percent of its&#160;outstanding common stock for $ 396 million. As part of the deal, Pentland&#160;Group PLC will reduce its stake in Reebok to 13 percent from 31.6&#160;percent.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">February 10, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_354"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=355>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">862 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 31, 1992, Friday, 1* EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">COLUMN ONE</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">VANSUN</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; COLUMN ONE; Pg. D1</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">255 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> JUST when we thought the "Chicken Ryckman" saga had mercifully come to an end, we get a letter from B.C. Lions owner Murray Pezim.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"As you know," the letter begins, "I have recently been engaged in a war of words with (Calgary Stamps owner) Larry Ryckman about the Danny Barrett trade.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">In the heat of the moment, I referred to not only Larry Ryckman as a chicken but his father Claude as well.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"When I called Claude Ryckman a chicken, I meant it figuratively and I certainly didn't mean for anyone to take this literally. Mr. Ryckman is not a chicken, he is a hog farmer. I sincerely apologize to Claude Ryckman for any embarrassment I may have caused him by the fowl language."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">We also received a copy of a letter sent to Pezim by Claude Ryckman, who asked that Pezim issue a retraction through the media. Contacted Thursday at his farm in Fort Assiniboine, Alta., Claude Ryckman said he hadn't yet received a copy of Pezim's letter and refused further comment.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">We also promise to refuse further comment on this story.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">JUST WEAR IT</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">What to wear? What to wear?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The U.S. Olympic Committee says it's got to be Reebok if the U.S. basketball team wins the gold and wants to attend the gold medal ceremony.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Charles Barkley, Michael Jordan and several other members of the U.S. basketball team under contract to </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> say that's a problem.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Us </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> guys are loyal to </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> because they pay us a lot of money," Barkley said. "</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> pays us a ton of money. I have two-million reasons not to wear Reebok."</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">August 1, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 CanWest Interactive, a division of<br/>CanWest Global Communications Corp.<br/>All Rights Reserved</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_355"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=356>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">863 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Evening Standard (London)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">June</span><span class="c2"> 24, 1992, Wednesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">&#163;10BN BATTLE OF THE SPORTS SHOE STARS;<br/></span><span class="c8">NIKE</span><span class="c7"> STILL LEADS THE FIELD BUT THERE ARE PLENTY OF OTHERS IN THE RUNNING AND THEY'RE HOT ON IT'S HEELS .SALLY WHITE GETS ON THE TRACKS OF THE FACTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Sally White</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Pg. 34</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">1000 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> ON WIMBLEDON'S elegant grass courts a grim multi-billion pound battle is being fought - but its takes a sharp eye to catch the action.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Slogging it out are the mega-stars of the sporting world - </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, Reebok, Adidas, Asics, Puma and LA Gear. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is currently several sets ahead in the match for global market share. Wimbledon's cachet makes it the premier marketing event.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The world sports shoe market is worth at least $ 18 billion (&#163;10 million) in sales at wholesale level and tennis is probably 10% of that. Apparel sells for getting on for $ 30 billion and anything specifically tennis is hard to split out.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> But the sports goods companies go for clothing because the brand names are easier to detect on TV screens.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Shoes are where the big money is made, however. Top-of-the-technology shoes cost at least $ 180 (&#163;100) retail for those not lucky enough to be sponsored. Odds are those shoes left the factory gate in China, Taiwan or Indonesia for $ 18 - but there are lot of men in the middle including 10% for customs.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The US buys most, at around $ 6 billion wholesale, followed by Europe's $ 3 billion. Of that Britain takes $ 0.6 billion.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Rankings followed anxiously by the industry are those compiled by Pennsylvania-based John Horan's Sporting Goods Intelligence. He places </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> as number one seed with $ 2.3 billion sales of footwear, followed by Reebok with $ 1.8 billion. In the US </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> jumped from 28.6% to 29.8% in market share last year, while Reebok moved from 21.3% to 22.8%.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Tough marketing programmes run by these two are, according to John Horan, 'knocking the daylights out of Adidas'. Its clout has been shrinking.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Last year, says Horan, Adidas did well, gaining US market share, from 3.3% to 3.5% - although this was a slower rate of growth than the top two.  Sales are now $ 1.1 billion.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> This year Adidas, in the uncertain hands of French socialist millionaire Bernard Tapie, has been losing match points. With Tapie laden with debt, money for marketing seems to be missing.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> 'That is why everyone is waiting for Pentland to take all of Adidas,' says Horan, referring to market speculation that Pentland is just waiting in wings to add dramatically to its 20% stake with a bid for Tapie's 55% shareholding.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> 'That will really toughen the competition. At the moment it is all the smaller names that are benefiting from Adidas's struggles,' Horan adds.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Coming up are Puma, Keds, Ellesse, Fila and K-Swiss. Slipping down the league of smaller companies are LA Gear, New Balance, Etonic, Converse and British Knights and Pony.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> But the scene has been changing rapidly this season.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Armed with &#163;400 million from selling out of Reebok, Pentland boss Stephen Rubin has been able to pick and choose with whom he wants to do business.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The new alliances to watch are those with LA Gear (with whom Pentland does the sourcing and a 6% stake), and Ellesse (for whom Pentland sources all footwear). At the cheaper end of the market Pentland owns the Pony brand.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> For the punters </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has fallen from $ 77 this year to $ 56 on a profit warning. Reebok, too, has just issued a warning.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Pentland sold out at $ 26-5/8 - the price is now $ 22-5/8. It bought into LA Gear at $ 11, currently it is $ 13.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Pentland itself is still moving ahead - on hopes of a bargain bid for Adidas.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 4, 1993</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">English</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">PUB-TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Paper</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Associated Newspapers Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_356"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=357>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">865 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Journal of Commerce</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">June</span><span class="c2"> 17, 1992, Wednesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">TRADE BRIEFS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">From Wire and Staff Reports</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">FOREIGN TRADE, Pg. 4A</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">515 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2"> LONDON</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">MAJOR DENIES DECISION</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">BY UK TO BACK DELORS</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The United Kingdom government has still not decided whether to back Jacques Delors for a second term as European Commission president, U.K. Prime Minister John Major said Tuesday.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mr. Major denied newspaper reports the government had made a tacit agreement that Mr. Delors should be reappointed despite fierce opposition from many Conservative members of Parliament.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He confirmed that when the U.K. takes over the European Community's rotating presidency between July and December, it will promote an examination of the principle of "subsidiarity" - the idea that decisions in the EC should be made nationally or locally rather than at the EC center if this is more apt.</span><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>&#160;<br/></span><span class="c2">CITIBANK BOMB THREATS</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">FUEL CONCERN IN TAIWAN</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">TAIPEI, Taiwan - Police searched Citibank's four Taiwan branches Tuesday in the latest in a series of bombings or threats involving U.S. companies and possibly related to trade tension with Washington.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Citibank's local headquarters received threatening telephone calls Saturday and again Monday, but a police search turned up nothing, a bank spokesman told The Journal of Commerce.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A series of explosions in several McDonald's restaurants in Taipei killed one person and injured four in late April. The bombings and subsequent threats to Kentucky Fried Chicken outlets forced both restaurants to close for several days.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The most recent threats may be related to anger over U.S. trade policy with Taiwan. Anti-American sentiment rose when the U.S. Trade Representative placed Taiwan on its priority watch list for inadequate protection of intellectual property rights.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Washington removed Taiwan from the list last month after Taipei agreed to U.S. demands to increase protection. Critics here assailed the government's move as a climb down, and several industries say they face ruin.<br/>&#160;<br/>JAPANESE BEER, MADE</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">IN US, TO HIT MICH.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Ginjikomi, the new Japanese draft beer, will be available in Michigan by the end of the month. The beer, brewed by New York-based Sapporo USA, was introduced in the United States six months ago.<br/>&#160;<br/></span><span class="c4">NIKE</span><span class="c2"> TO TAKE CONTROL</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">OF SWISS DISTRIBUTION</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">BEAVERTON, Ore. - </span><span class="c4">NIKE</span><span class="c2"> Inc., the sports and fitness company, announced plans to add Switzerland to the list of countries where the company directly controls distribution rights to the </span><span class="c4">NIKE</span><span class="c2"> brand.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">NIKE</span><span class="c2">, based here, will assume rights from the current independent distributor effective Jan. 1, 1993.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">NIKE</span><span class="c2"> products have been sold in Switzerland since 1978 through Sevysa SA, an independent distributor based near Lausanne.<br/>&#160;<br/>LIGHT-INDUSTRIAL PARK</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">SET FOR LHASA, TIBET<br/>&#160;<br/>LHASA, Tibet - A small, light-industrial park, which will be open to overseas investors, is being constructed in Lhasa by the regional government and the Ministry of Light Industry, officials said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Some 10 million yuan (US$ 1.8 million) will be spent this year on roads and water and electricity supply. Five factories to produce woolen carpets, packaging products, paper, plastics and beverages will be the first to be launched.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">December 16, 1996</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">EDITOR-NOTE: </span><span class="c2">TRADE BRIEFS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_357"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=358>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">867 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Herald Sun</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">January</span><span class="c2"> 3, 1991 Thursday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Reluctant hero gets points</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">DESIRA P</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">474 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">ALAN Davidson is the first player to argue about being selected as the Herald-Sun </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air player-of-the-week.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> His performance when Melbourne Croatia fought back from a goal down to beat Wollongong Macedonia 2-1 at the weekend earned rave reviews from the media and he was the automatic choice for the weekly award.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> But the veteran Socceroo was reluctant to accept.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "I felt I worked hard, but the game was marred by a strong wind and didn't lend itself to outstanding performances," he said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "It was my first outing in midfield, but it turned into a game for defences having to cope with long balls. All we did in the middle of the park was battle."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Although the team won praise for its battling performance, new Melbourne Croatia coach Ken Worden was less than satisfied.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> He says most of the players have to lift their game by 15 per cent.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Davidson was among those targeted. He was told he did an adequate job but more was expected of him because of his achievements and experience.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "He told me I've played at just about every level and expected more of me," Davidson said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "If I accept the award, there'll be no end of ribbing in the dressing room this week." Worden might have been critical in the dressing room, but he agreed Davidson deserved the award.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "He was the orchestrator in a good team effort," Worden.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "He is not just a hard worker or marker, his experience and confidence and knowledge of the game allowed for a good steady job." As Davidson continues to produce on the field, he is already preparing for a post-playing career in the game.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> He is doing coaching courses and enjoys being involved in the media with a column in the Sunday Sun.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "It has given me the chance to air my views, but it has also been a real education to find out how the press works," he said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> As the weekly winner, Davidson collects a pair of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air runners valued at $280. He also collects votes towards the end of season award.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The season's winner collects $2000 from </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Herald-Sun </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air Golden Boot award.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Round 13 Votes: South Melb v Marconi: 3 Okon (m), 2 Petersen (sm), 1 Nastevski (m). Apia v Woll City: 2 Okon (al), 1 M.Brown (al), 1 Kuc (wc), 1 Bate (wc), 1 Hughes (al). Woll Mac v Melb Cro: 3 Davidson (mc), 2 Donnelly (mc), 1 Cavanah (wm). Adelaide C v Melita: 3 Cerro (me), 2 T.Vidmar (ac), 1 Callanan (me). Syd Oly v Preston: 3 Phillips (so), 2 Edwards (so), 1 Jackson (pm). Syd Cro v Heidelberg: 2 Herd (h), 2 Petkovic (scr), 1 Gibson (scr), 1 Rizopoulos (h). Sunshine v St Geo: 3 Clarkson (sgc), 2 Hasler (sgc), 1 O'Shea (stg).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Leaders: 17 Filan. 14 Petersen. 12 Petkovic. 11 Bundalo, Clarkson, Kindtner, P Okon, Stubbins.10 McCulloch. 9 Durakovic, Jackson, Krslovic, Lowe, Spink. 8 Blagojevic, Gimenez, Kuc, Tapai. 7 Davidson, C Foster, Ivanovic, McPherson, Yankos.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> END OF STORY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 25, 2003</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Column of strength . . . Alan Davidson says he'll get ribbed if he winsthe Golden Boot award. Picture: JOHN CASAMENTO</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2">DHS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_358"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=359>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">870 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">January</span><span class="c2"> 9, 1992, Thursday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Black shoe sales lace up top spot</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Mary McArdle</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 2C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">253 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> If it were up to him, Boston's Reggie Lewis would wear Celtic-green suede basketball sneakers on the court instead of black.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Then again, color is of little concern to the 6-7 swingman.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''It's not the color of the shoe,'' says Lewis, who looks for comfort and fit, ''it's the individual that makes the shoe.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">If that individual is Michael Jordan of the Chicago Bulls, then wearing black on the court has ramifications beyond basketball. It becomes a fashion statement.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Since Jordan and the Bulls started the trend three years ago in the playoffs, sales of black shoes have skyrocketed. Numerous college and high school teams wear them.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">All the major companies - </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> Reebok, Converse and adidas - report major increases in sales of black sneakers. At </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> black shoes account for 75% of sales; at Converse, 60%.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''It's an all-time high,'' says </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> Dusty Kidd.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Thirty of Converse's 54 models are offered in black, says spokesman Mickey Bell.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Black sneakers aren't limited to basketball. Even tennis, long stifled by ultraconservative dress codes, tolerates dark footwear on pros such as Andre Agassi.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Manufacturers have gone to great lengths to make black sneakers, long considered clunky-looking in basketball, sleeker.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''The thing that makes (today's black sneakers) look faster is the silhouette,'' says Kidd, adding that color accents and space-age designs make shoes appear ''more aggressive.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Says Kidd: ''With some guys, they're so quick that no color is going to make them look slow.''</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">PHOTO; b/w<br/>&#160;<br/>CUTLINE: CLASSIC BLACK: Companies say sales are skyrocketing. Above, adidas' Streetball.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Sportstalk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_359"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=360>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">873 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 19, 1992, Sunday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">OUT THERE: CHICAGO;<br/>Jock Citadel</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Marshall Sella</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section 9; Page 3; Column 1; Styles of The Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">969 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">IN the heart of Chicago's Michigan Avenue shopping district, the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town building looks as tranquil as the Saks Fifth Avenue store it once housed.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Then you pass through the revolving doors. New Age music is playing, mixed with the tape-recorded clamor of playoff crowds. Banners hanging from the ceiling read: Performance, Technology, Innovation.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> And then, through a set of automated black doors (like any astronaut or aquanaut, one must enter this world gradually), you arrive in 68,000 square feet of museum exhibits, aquariums, video theaters and athletic photography. And half a basketball court.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">This, you have to remind yourself, is a shoe store.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., the Beaverton, Ore., sport-shoe concern, can well afford its audacity. With annual revenues of $3.4 billion last year, the company has made its name with celebrity endorsements and irreverent ad campaigns. Three years ago, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> executives decided to break from the company's history of modest retail outlets to gather all their wares under a single roof -- in effect, to jam every method of image enhancement into a box and see what happened.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The first experiment was a small-scale store in Portland, Ore., which opened in November 1990. The Chicago store, more than three times its size, is the concept's real test. It opened on July 2.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Walking along the manhole-dotted "streets" of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town Chicago, you soon get lost between big design concepts and impressive details. Everything you see bears the mark of </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> corporate mythology.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">There are the Greek-style friezes of athletes in action on the facade, and life-size plaster statues of mountain bikers are suspended from wires in the three-story atrium. There are door handles in the shape of </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> "swoosh" logo and museumlike placards that tell the legend of Bill Bowerman, a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> founder. One day in 1971, so the story goes, Mr. Bowerman, a University of Oregon track coach, got it into his head during breakfast to pour latex into a waffle iron and thus discovered the waffle-soled shoe.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">There's also the maple basketball court, where you can test sneakers (but not play ball) beneath a 35-foot picture of Michael Jordan and a quotation from William Blake.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Scattered around the entire store, in fact, are "inspiration boards" bearing abstract messages: "You get up in the morning, early. You think about your run. Anticipation is your first stretch. Then you go."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">On the store's 12th day of operation, though, no one seemed to be doing much reading. There were shinier objects to examine, notably the nine-screen video floor in the aquatic apparel section, where crowds gathered to gaze down at a film of sharks, drifting seaweed and sand washing over conch shells.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I am not sure I understand," said a Norwegian tourist. "Is this to be walked upon?"</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A young salesman, Patrick Roach, stepped up to prove the floor's strength by holding an elderly woman's hand as she gingerly stepped onto the video sea. "You get the best effect if you're on top of it," Mr. Roach said, picking his way around customers who were trying on sandals. "It's really very safe."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">While tourists stopped to pose with the octopuses in the video underfoot, Mr. Roach typed a stock number into a sober black computer terminal. Next to it stood a wide clear-plastic tube flooded with emerald-green light. Two minutes later, he opened the door of the tube and found a pair of sandals.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town, you are never more than a few steps from these big tubes, which are actually miniature state-of-the-art elevator systems.. They run from every selling area to the stock area on the fourth floor, the functional heart of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town. There, burly men sprint between shelves of orange and black boxes, pluck out the required shoes and feed them into the system.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"If those tubes remind you of 'The Jetsons,' it's no coincidence," said Gordon Thompson 3d, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> design director. "The transport system is actually a modified Spacely Sprockets idea."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mr. Thompson's role in the project, he said, involved everything from devising floor layouts to color-coordinating the tropical fish in a 22-foot-long aquarium with the shoes that sit on the rack in front of it.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"My job is to be a sort of film director, and this store tells a story," he said. "It's a mythology, but one for a range of consumers, people who are 7, 27 and 67. What we've done is taken one theme, athletics, and pulled it in every conceivable direction. I like to think it's part 1939 World's Fair and part theater. But I guess the bottom line is, it's a store."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It's easy to lose sight of that fact. Still, to match the surfeit of design, there's a staggering amount of merchandise. There are all-condition jackets, Lycra shorts, beach shoes called aqua socks, running socks, trekking socks, cycling socks, aerobic socks, cross-training socks and every kind of sport shoe imaginable. Items are organized by sport so you can, for example, do all your tennis shopping in one feverish wave.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">And how much did this store cost </span><span class="c4">Nike?</span><span class="c2"> Executives declined to discuss the subject, commonly joking that it cost "more than Michael Jordan's championship ring," but one employee said the price tag was around $34 million.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town's plush video theater, a few dozen people clustered to watch an endless loop of footwear commercials. Two young executives danced in the back of the room to John Lennon's "Instant Karma," but a Tulsa couple's eyes never left the screen.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Four towheaded children sat in a row on the floor. While two of them peeled off to buy posters of Andre Agassi, the two who remained cheered when a Spike Lee commercial for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> came on. Then with the precision of a Gilbert and Sullivan patter song, they recited the words of the ad with Mr. Lee: "The mo' colors, the mo' better," they chanted. "Peace!"</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">July 19, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Photo: At </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town Chicago, shoppers can test sneakers on a basketball court featuring a 35-foot photograph of Michael Jordan and a quotation from William Blake. (Steve Kagan for The New York Times)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_360"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=361>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">876 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Sunday Mail (SA)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">October</span><span class="c2"> 20, 1991 Sunday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Tipped to hit $400 mark MP calls for inquiry into shoe;<br/>prices</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">645 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sporting goods wholesalers and retailers have defended the</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">prices of recreation footwear despite some brands being tipped</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">to hit the $400 mark next year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Liberal MP Dorothy Kotz claims the prices are an "exploitation</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">of the youth market".</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> But the Office of Fair Trading has said it has no control over</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">the multi-million-dollar industry.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The claims of exploitation come as the sports footwear war</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">intensifies between the two US-based giants </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and Reebok,</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Tipped to hit $400 mark</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Three leading brands of sports shoes - Reebok (above), LA Gear</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">(below) and Puma (bottom) ... prices can vary as much as $40</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">from shop to shop, according to the Australian Consumers Association</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">which collectively account for $160 million in sporting gear</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">sales in Australia.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The Office of Fair Trading said there was no price control</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">over sports footwear in a "free market where consumers can</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">shop around".</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "Only if a situation arose where there was price-fixing by</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">agreement could any action be taken," an Office of Fair Trading</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">spokesman said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Mrs Kotz said a Prices Surveillance Authority inquiry in to</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">the "exorbitant" price of sporting footwear should be launched</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">before prices went any higher.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "They have done it in the music industry in regard to tapes</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">and CDs and they should it with sports shoes," Mrs Kotz said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Her complaints come as the recreation footwear pushes up through</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">the $300 mark with speculation a $400 pair of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoes will</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">be released next year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> SA's leading sporting goods retailer, Rowe and Jarman, said</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">yesterday footwear now accounted for 50 per cent of its sales.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Store manager and ex-football star Paul Weston said the margin</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">on sporting footwear was "very small indeed."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> He blamed government duty and quota charges on the high cost</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">of Reebok and </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> wear.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Top of the line </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and Reebok sports shoes are between $179</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">and $280 a pair.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Both brands are made in Taiwan and Korea.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Australian distri- butor is John D Trading in Melbourne. Managing</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">director Mr</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Tony Peddie said yesterday about 80 per cent was placed on the</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">cost of the shoes through government charges before they were</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">distributed to the retailer.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "There is a 100 per cent cost on the shoes by the time they</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">get to the stores," Mr Peddie said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "That is due to $7 a pair in quota costs and 45 per cent in</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">duty. After that there is a freighting and administration costs."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> 'Monopolising</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">the market'</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> It was established yesterday a pair of </span><span class="c4">Nikes</span><span class="c2"> in Britain costs</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">less than the wholesale price of a pair of the same shoes sold</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">in Australia. A pair of (original) Reebok sports shoes can be</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">bought in Seoul for $59 but will cost more than a $100 in Adelaide.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "This is the same situation we had in regard to taped and</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">CD music," Mrs Kotz said. "And the PSA looked in to that to</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">get the price down."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Mrs Kotz was highly critical of footwear companies targeting</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">youth "who already are under peer pressure to buy and wear</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">the best in sports shoes."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "They are being manipulated into buying high price products</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">with slick marketing and certain brands are monopolising the</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">market and pushing the prices higher." In a sampling taken yesterday at</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">three city stores </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Trainers were selling at $227, Reebok Court Victory Pump were</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">selling at $259, with Air Jordans - </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> biggest seller -</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">on special at $199.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> It was claimed by retailers profit margins were almost negligible.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> However the Australian Consumers' Association in its running</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">shoes survey checked prices in all Australian capitals and found</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">variations, mark-downs and specials on both </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and Reebok</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">to vary as much as $40 a pair.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "It is unilkely the retailers will sell these shoes at a loss</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">so there is a considerable mark-up," said ACA media spokesman</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mr Geoff Sirmai.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 25, 2003</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">3 photos: sport shoes; Three leading brands of sports shoes - Reebok (above), LAGear (below) and Puma (bottom) ... prices can vary as muchas $40 from shop to shop, according to the AustralianConsumers Association</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2">SUM</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_361"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=362>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">880 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Toronto Star</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">September</span><span class="c2"> 17, 1991, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Hanson acquires construction group</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. B7</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">689 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Hanson PLC, Britain's largest industrial conglomerate, is buying British construction group Beazer PLC in a $ 609 million (U.S.) deal.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Hanson said yesterday it will offer $ 1.56 in cash and one new Hanson warrant for each Beazer ordinary share in Britain and $ 6.26 in cash and four Hanson warrants for each Beazer American Depositary Receipt. The ADRs represent four Beazer shares.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Our long-term faith in the construction industry is bolstered by our belief that we have reached the bottom of its current cycle of recession, and we look forward to developing Beazer's well-established businesses alongside our own," Lord Hanson, chairman of Hanson, said in a statement.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Hanson, one of Britain's 10 biggest companies, is a trans-Atlantic conglomerate with interests ranging from Smith-Corona typewriters to Jacuzzi whirlpool baths.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Beazer is one of Britain's largest house builders, with interests in real estate development. The company also has interests in major building projects and open cast mining.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In the United States, Beazer is the largest producer of sand and gravel, with operations in hot mix asphalt, concrete products and ready-mixed concrete.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> sets record</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., the worldwide athletic footwear and apparel maker, says its first-quarter profit of $ 114.4 million (U.S.) has set a world record in the sports and fitness industry.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It is the first time any company in the industry made more than $ 100 million in a single quarter, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> executives said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Chairman Phil Knight said in a news release, "We have built a global brand franchise and we believe that this quarter's results prove it is possible to be both the best and the biggest."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Earnings for the three months ended Aug. 31, which translated to $ 1.50 per share, were up 15 per cent from $ 99.6 million, or $ 1.31 per share, a year earlier, the Beaverton, Ore.-based company reported.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> expansion in Europe led a 14 per cent growth in company revenues to a record $ 947.2 million from $ 833.6 million a year earlier.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Remarks hurt Ratners</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Ratners Group PLC, owners in the United States of Kay and Sterling jewelry stores, has posted its first half-year loss in five years, blaming the poor results partly on disparaging comments made by the retailer's chairman about his company.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The company posted a pre-tax loss of $ 30.66 million (U.S.) in the six months ended Aug. 3, on sales of $ 780.7 million. That compares with profit of $ 16.1 million on sales of $ 642.4 million for the same period last year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Chairman Gerald Ratner's widely publicized comment that some of his company's products were "crap" hurt his company's sales and its image in the marketplace, analysts said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Delta deal cleared</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The European Community's executive body has cleared Delta Air Lines' proposed takeover of Pan American World Airways' trans-Atlantic routes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Under the deal, Atlanta-based Delta has proposed acquiring Pan Am assets that include routes between the United States and Europe and its hub in Frankfurt, Germany.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Pan Am, which is in bankruptcy court, hopes to sell the routes to get cash for creditors as part of a plan that would keep Pan Am alive as a smaller carrier based in Miami and focusing on Latin American routes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The European Commission said it found that the asset sale would not create "a dominant position as a result of which effective competition would be significantly impeded in the common market or a substantial part of it."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mercedes eyes Porsche</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mercedes-Benz AG chairman Werner Niefer says his company is "for now thinking about" taking a stake in German sportscar maker Porsche AG, but has not yet done so, an Austrian radio station official confirmed.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Niefer made the remark in response to a question by a reporter for the Austrian state radio, based in Vienna.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Porsche, a closely held German company based in Stuttgart, has said its group sales fell in the fiscal year ended July 31.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">German media have circulated reports that potential partners, including Volkswagen AG and Mercedes-Benz, are prepared to buy stock in the company to help it overcome financial hurdles.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_362"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=363>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">881 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Toronto Star</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">September</span><span class="c2"> 17, 1991, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Hanson acquires construction group</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. B7</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">696 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;</span><span class="c2">Hanson PLC, Britain's largest industrial conglomerate, is buying British construction group Beazer PLC in a $609 million (U.S.) deal.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Hanson said yesterday it will offer $1.56 in cash and one new Hanson warrant for each Beazer ordinary share in Britain and $6.26 in cash and four Hanson warrants for each Beazer American Depositary Receipt. The ADRs represent four Beazer shares.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Our long-term faith in the construction industry is bolstered by our belief that we have reached the bottom of its current cycle of recession, and we look forward to developing Beazer's well-established businesses alongside our own," Lord Hanson, chairman of Hanson, said in a statement.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Hanson, one of Britain's 10 biggest companies, is a trans-Atlantic conglomerate with interests ranging from Smith-Corona typewriters to Jacuzzi whirlpool baths.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Beazer is one of Britain's largest house builders, with interests in real estate development. The company also has interests in major building projects and open cast mining.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In the United States, Beazer is the largest producer of sand and gravel, with operations in hot mix asphalt, concrete products and ready-mixed concrete.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> sets record</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., the worldwide athletic footwear and apparel maker, says its first-quarter profit of $114.4 million (U.S.) has set a world record in the sports and fitness industry.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It is the first time any company in the industry made more than $100 million in a single quarter, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> executives said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Chairman Phil Knight said in a news release, "We have built a global brand franchise and we believe that this quarter's results prove it is possible to be both the best and the biggest."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Earnings for the three months ended Aug. 31, which translated to $1.50 per share, were up 15 per cent from $99.6 million, or $1.31 per share, a year earlier, the Beaverton, Ore.-based company reported.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> expansion in Europe led a 14 per cent growth in company revenues to a record $947.2 million from $833.6 million a year earlier.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Remarks hurt Ratners</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Ratners Group PLC, owners in the United States of Kay and Sterling jewelry stores, has posted its first half-year loss in five years, blaming the poor results partly on disparaging comments made by the retailer's chairman about his company.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The company posted a pre-tax loss of $30.66 million (U.S.) in the six months ended Aug. 3, on sales of $780.7 million. That compares with profit of $16.1 million on sales of $642.4 million for the same period last year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Chairman Gerald Ratner's widely publicized comment that some of his company's products were "crap" hurt his company's sales and its image in the marketplace, analysts said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Delta deal cleared</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The European Community's executive body has cleared Delta Air Lines' proposed takeover of Pan American World Airways' trans-Atlantic routes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Under the deal, Atlanta-based Delta has proposed acquiring Pan Am assets that include routes between the United States and Europe and its hub in Frankfurt, Germany.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Pan Am, which is in bankruptcy court, hopes to sell the routes to get cash for creditors as part of a plan that would keep Pan Am alive as a smaller carrier based in Miami and focusing on Latin American routes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The European Commission said it found that the asset sale would not create "a dominant position as a result of which effective competition would be significantly impeded in the common market or a substantial part of it."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mercedes eyes Porsche</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mercedes-Benz AG chairman Werner Niefer says his company is "for now thinking about" taking a stake in German sportscar maker Porsche AG, but has not yet done so, an Austrian radio station official confirmed.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Niefer made the remark in response to a question by a reporter for the Austrian state radio, based in Vienna.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Porsche, a closely held German company based in Stuttgart, has said its group sales fell in the fiscal year ended July 31.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">German media have circulated reports that potential partners, including Volkswagen AG and Mercedes-Benz, are prepared to buy stock in the company to help it overcome financial hurdles.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">May 13, 1999</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_363"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=364>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">884 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">May</span><span class="c2"> 27, 1991, MONDAY, FIVE STAR Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">DISTRICT WILL SEEK 48 TAX INCREASE</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Linda Billingsly Post-Dispatch Special Correspondent</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">NEWS; Pg. 3</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">286 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Voters in the Meramec Valley School District will be asked on June 4 to increase the district's tax rate by 48 cents for each $100 of assessed valuation.  The money would be used for operating expenses and to pay for salary increases for teachers, said Superintendent Edward Hillhouse.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">The proposal needs a simple majority to pass. The district is mainly in eastern Franklin County, with small parts in St. Louis and Jefferson counties.  The district's tax rate last year was $2.23. If passed, the increase would add $45.60 to the school tax bill of the owner of a house worth $50,000.  Hillhouse said the increase is needed to hire two teachers at Coleman school and a part-time kindergarten teacher at </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> School.  The district also wants to install a computer lab at Robertsville School and to buy new reading series for pupils in kindergarten through third grade.  Hillhouse said the district is considering a bid of $69,000 for the series from Houghten and Mifflin Inc.  Some of the money would be used for teacher salary increases. Teachers will not be getting a raise in the next school year, Hillhouse said.  The district also wants to consider expanding counseling services, he said.  Hillhouse said the district's last operating tax increase occurred 17 years ago. In that time, voters have approved two bond issues, one seven years ago for $3 million and the other three years ago for $3.1 million. Hillhouse said that money went to build Truman School and </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> School and for renovations at existing schools.  Hillhouse said each school has been promoting the tax proposal.  ''Everybody I've talked to has said they're with us,'' Hillhouse said.  ''We've received no organized opposition.''</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">October 13, 1993</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">English</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_364"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=365>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">886 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">January</span><span class="c2"> 25, 1991, Friday,</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">DAILY EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">FITNESS IMPROVES FIRMS' FIGURES: Sponsorship ties products to health</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Laura Fowlie</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SECTION 1, FOCUS ON EXECUTIVE FITNESS; Pg. 14</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">718 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Just like people, more companies are using physical fitness to stay in good shape.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The growing trend toward the sponsorship of fitness-related events points to a healthy desire by Canadian companies to raise their profiles among conscious consumers.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> ''The growth in sponsorship reflects a trend through the 1980s, when the public was becoming more aware of fitness,'' says Graham Fraser, owner of TriSport Promotions Inc. of Grimsby, Ont., a promoter of triathlon events across the country. ''Ten years ago, most of our sponsors wouldn't have talked to us. Now they like to sell the fact they're associated with a fitness-related event.''</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> In some cases, boosting exposure through spectator or participant sports is a natural.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Athletic-wear companies, such as </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., have developed multimillion-dollar advertising campaigns featuring professional athletes like football and baseball star Bo Jackson and basketball player Michael Jordan to win over aspiring athletes across the continent.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Regionally, smaller promotional events, such as community coaching clinics and local sporting events, bring the corporate message closer to consumers.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> ''The big, international sponsorships are well known, but we try to bring to make the brand more personal by sponsoring local events, too,'' says Roy Agostino, promotions co-ordinator for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Canada Ltd.'s Eastern region.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> ''This is the bread-and-butter of our business,'' says Murray Souter, vice-president of marketing at Toronto-based Reebok Canada, a division of Avrecan International Inc. ''It's much like automakers sponsoring pro car racing - we need to be involved.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> For such companies, athletic sponsorships take on a practical quality. By providing top-flight athletes with their product, the shoe companies get wear-testing data and free expert design input in return.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> But for others, the connection isn't so apparent.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> In 1990, for example, Royal LePage Real Estate Services Ltd. spent more than $500,000 on sponsorship of a nationwide triathlon series in conjunction with Reebok, Toshiba and other sponsors, and plans to continue its association with the sport for another three years.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> COMMON THEME</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Moncton-based Cavendish Farms sponsors a junior ski-racing program at selected resorts across the country; McKenzie Financial Corp. in Toronto does the same at Ontario resorts.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> And Crown Life Insurance Co. sponsors the Participaction Challenge, in which more than four million Canadians register 15 minutes of physical activity on a specified date each year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Emphasizing their commitment to local communities is a common theme among corporate sponsors.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> ''As an insurance company, we like people to be well,'' says Barry Francis, assistant vice-president of corporate communications at Crown Life, which spends about $500,000 on the event annually. ''But it's also a great way to enhance the image of the company. Our representatives get a higher profile in the communities where they live and work.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> While the public-relations aspect of promoting a healthy clientele can'tbe underestimated, few sponsors would deny that they're cashing in on the high-profile nature of sports. In most cases, decision-makers look for well-advertised events with high attendance figures to get the most bang for their buck.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> NOTHING IN STONE</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> And when considering a fitness-related sponsorship, few firms will take the initiative and organize an event on their own. In most cases, the sport's national association, or a promotional company like TriSport, takes care of the organization, advertising, and promotion, while the company provides the funding.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Though companies will often maintain an association with a particular event for several years, the value of their commitment is rarely written in stone, Fraser says. Given the current recession, therefore, some athletic events may see the level of sponsorship drop considerably over the next year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> ''One of the first things to go when times get tough is usually discretionary spending, and sponsorship often fits into that category,'' Fraser points out. ''Some companies may find it hard to justify spending a lot of money on sponsorship, but they'll still want the exposure. It'll be a tough time for anyone just getting into the game.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 6, 1997</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2"> Photo: ROYAL LEPAGE TRIATHLON: Raising corporate awareness</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">NEWS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Financial Post Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_365"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=366>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">888 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Investment Dealers' Digest</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Investment Dealers' Digest, Inc. makes no warranties, express or implied,<br/>including those of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">October</span><span class="c2"> 14, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Robert Van Kampen closes deal for unit trust firm</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Hal Lux</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">FIRMS &amp; EXCHANGES; Pg. 11</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">200 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Robert Van Kampen returned to the securities business two weeks ago with the purchase of the unit investment trust operation of Clayton Brown &amp; Associates.  Van Kampen, who built one of the top unit trust businesses at Van Kampen Merritt, is expected to quickly add other product lines to his new firm, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Securities.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Van Kampen confirmed last month that he was holding advanced talks on the acquisition of the First Trust funds with his former partner, Clayton Brown (IDD 9/2).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In a written statement, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Securities said almost all Clayton Brown employees in that division would be moving over to </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.  James Bowen, head of Clayton Brown's unit investment trust business, will continue to run the group for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Clayton Brown has sponsored over $ 6 billion in First Trust funds, but that market share has slipped in recent years.  Industry officials said Robert Van Kampen's extensive distribution contacts with regional broker-dealers will be the key to growing the business.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The purchase puts Mr. Van Kampen into direct competition with the firm that still bears hits name, Van Kampen Merritt.  If the competition does heat up, both firms will be able to keep an eye on each other.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Investment Dealers' Digest, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_366"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=367>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">889 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">November</span><span class="c2"> 10, 1992, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Now Barbie has her own store</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Ellen Neuborne</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">MONEY; Pg. 1B</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">327 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">NEW YORK</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Barbie heaven's come to Madison Avenue.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">An all-Barbie shop, opening here today at FAO Schwarz, is the largest collection of Barbie-o-rama under one roof. The boutique packs 1,500 square feet of everything Barbie: dolls, doll outfits, children's clothes, books, pencils, backpacks, cosmetics, etc.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Barbie on Madison is the latest in a string of one-brand retail stores, known in the trade as designer stores. Some are company-owned. Some have a retailing partner. Barbie on Madison is owned and operated by FAO Schwarz.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''Barbie has reached classic status,'' says Donna Gibbs of Mattel, maker of Barbie. ''One of the keys to Barbie's success has been the expansion beyond just dolls. We want to show just how much there is to Barbie.''<br/>&#160;<br/> Other designer stores:</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town. </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> second store opened this summer in Chicago. Inside: gear for 20 sports. ''The Chicago store, which is 60,000 square feet, lets us show our entire collection. No retail store has the space to do that,'' says Melinda Gable of </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span><span class="c2"> Store No. 3 opens next year in Costa Mesa, Calif.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- Sony Gallery of Consumer Electronics. Sony's three-story museum like store in Chicago once housed a Saks Fifth Avenue department store. Now it's nothing but Sony. ''This store is almost educational. We want consumers to come in, see all that there is and walk away picturing it in their homes, their cars, their offices,'' says spokesman Rick Clancy.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- Levi's. Dropped by Gap stores last year, Levi's has been testing three of its own stores. Two more open this winter in New York and in the Mall of America in Minneapolis.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">What's next? Any hot brand is a candidate, says Michael Gade, consultant at Coopers &amp; Lybrand: ''Lego might be a good choice. Or Batman. Or maybe Dracula will turn into something big. If you have a strong brand, you can use a retail store to create more excitement. Seeing all the products displayed in one store can get a customer to say 'Wow.' ''</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">PHOTO; color, Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY<br/>&#160;<br/>CUTLINE: BARBIES: Madison Ave., left, Empress Bride, Neptune's Fantasy.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_367"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=368>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">893 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">August</span><span class="c2"> 7, 1992, Friday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">BASKETBALL;<br/>The Word From the Goat Park Legend: 'I'm Not into the Dream Team'</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By ROBERT LIPSYTE</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section B; Page 16; Column 1; Sports Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">838 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Up in Goat Park, the legend picks glass off the concrete, chides a grown man for urinating against the fence, listens solemnly to an invitation to come to the Columbia University gym tonight and pick up an award.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"What for?"</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "You're a legend," says an older man. "We call it the Golden Hoops First Playground Legend Award."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "Who's the second?"</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"That's next year, be somebody else."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The legend, Earl (the Goat) Manigault, sighs. He's 47 years old, broke and dying. He needs money for his tournament and a heart transplant for himself. He watches a covey of teen-age Michael Jordan clones, shaven heads, baggy shorts, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoes, pad onto his court.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"You should ask Michael for money," I say.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Ask him to look at my tape, read my proposal and help me," says Manigault. His eyes poke into distant corners of his park. "We're helping him, all these bald heads and </span><span class="c4">Nikes.</span><span class="c2"> Look at me." He points down at his white </span><span class="c4">Nikes.</span><span class="c2"> "Was looking for Converse, but all's I could find around here size 13."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"So, you gonna be there?" asks the Golden Hoops man.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Manigault shrugs. A second team of Michael clones arrives to play the first. The courts, officially in the Happy Warrior Park, are off Amsterdam Avenue in Manhattan, between 98th and 99th streets, nestled among apartment buildings packed with players. This has been Goat Park since the early 1970's, when Manigault began his youth tournaments, first hustling drug dealers for shirts, trophies and referees, later soliciting foundation grants.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">This year's tournament, 13 teams, something more than 100 youngsters, is one of the smallest because it began late, and tentatively; it seemed unlikely that Manigault, his heart irrevocably damaged by drugs, alcohol, street living, jail, would see summer. Last winter, after the Columbia-Presbyterian Transplant Unit rejected him as a poor medical and social risk, Manigault was weak and barely coherent. It seemed as though only the legend was left.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Uptown, it is still a powerful legend of a teen-age prodigy who could pick dimes off a backboard, who dunked over Kareem when Kareem was still Lew Alcindor; a 6-foot-1-inch guard who could control anything on the court and nothing off it. He didn't stay in college and he didn't make the pros. He became famous for failure, an easy metaphor for the dark side of the city game, where the best are often the most self-destructive.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I'm not into the Dream Team," says Manigault. "It's not right. Should be amateur. I could pull one or two players off every block around here, go to the Olympics and win a gold medal."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"That's the urban myth," I say.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"That's the word," says Manigault.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He moves off to get the first game started and disappears into the late afternoon swirl of Goat Park, 12-year-old fans, old men, babies, winos, players, hustlers, a pulse that helped bring him back to life.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He has also had remarkable friends. A Princeton professor, Stephen F. Cohen, has been a fierce lobbyist for more than 20 years, and the foundation head, Walter Naegle, has fed and housed him. They found the city apartment he now shares with his two grown sons.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A young cardiology fellow at Bellevue, Dr. Mimi Guarneri, "tuned up" Manigault this year. He is now being seriously considered for a heart by the transplant unit at Mount Sinai, he says.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"This is his challenge now," says Ray Diaz, a 29-year-old record company executive who learned the game as a youngster in this tournament. "It's his second life. The future is not about keeping up the legend but about helping the kids."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Golden Hoops man is getting impatient: "You gonna be there?"</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"This is what he has to deal with all the time," says Diaz, who starred in high school, college, and the Puerto Rican pro leagues. He has his own tournament now. "How does one be a legend? He's worth a million dollars and he doesn't have a dime."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Manigault nods to the Golden Hoops man. He'll be there, he says. He turns back to the game to watch its star, Patrice Casimer of the nearby Franciscan Community Youth Center, a compact point guard with presence. Patrice is going into his senior year at Cardinal Hayes High School. He is being recruited by colleges and drug dealers.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We're working on Patrice's game and head," says Alex Achille, the center's director and a former Goat tournament player. "A lot of drug dealers want him to play on their teams."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Why is that bad?" I ask.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"What's the point of all this," says Achille, "if a 10-year-old kid is looking up to a dealer?"</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Manigault drifts by. "The dealers I came up with are all dead or doing big time," he says. "I don't know these new kids."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"You wouldn't take their money?" I ask.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I said I didn't know them; I didn't say I woudn't take their money." He smiles slyly. "I just wouldn't go ask 'em."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Money from Michael is our next big move," says Diaz. "Spike Lee will get us to Michael, who's got to be thinking movies next, right? He needs that first credible role. We got the script. Who else should play Earl, but Michael, right?"</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The legend nods.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">August 7, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_368"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=369>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">895 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Herald Sun</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">February</span><span class="c2"> 3, 1992 Monday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">NEW RULES FOR JORDAN</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">RUCCI M</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">372 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">IT IS understandable that Michael Jordan, the most identifiable man in American sport, would find it a little disconcerting to see his face slapped on the chest of almost every man, mother and child in the US.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> So the emperor of US professional basketball has issued a new edict about clothing.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> From March 31, no one, absolutely no one, will be able to put Jordan's face or name on any form of souvenir unless it is </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, the world's largest manufacturer of sporting apparel.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Not even the NBA, which will be restricted to selling Jordan's No.23 Chicago Bulls shirt because team uniforms are the property of the NBA and not the individual player.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> It is not surprising that Jordan has finally called an end to the liberal use of his image and name which left Chicago in a sea of Jordan T-shirts after their title victory last year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> And if the personal reasons are not enough, the financial ones are certainly worth considering.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Jordan makes a mere $4.22 million from playing basketball. He collects more than $30 milllion selling a variety of products ranging from Wheaties, Hanes underwear to McDonald's food, Gatorade and the Illinois state lottery.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> last year sold more than $300 million in goods featuring Jordan and will make a great deal more after March 31.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Now at the NBA, there are mutters of discontent. They say he has now "effectively separated" himself from the league, making himself bigger than the game.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Unlike the other US professional sports - ice hockey, football and baseball - the NBA does not give a player a percentage of the profits made from souvenirs.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The NBA made $90 million in profits from souvenirs last season and returned the favor by handing just $A680,000 to the player pension fund.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> But </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> makes a financial promise to Jordan.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "Every piece we sell," says </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> president Dick Donahue, "Jordan gets a piece of.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "This is not a Jordan issue; it's a persona issue."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> NBA lawyer Gary Bettman says: "I suppose we'll feel an economic impact from this." "Our primary business is the sale of uniforms," he said. "And our best seller has been and will continue to be the Bulls jersey with (Jordan's) No. 23 on it." - MICHELANGELO RUCCI</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> END OF STORY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 27, 2003</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Deadline . . . Micheal Jordan and </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> are tightening their grip onthe star's line of clothing.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2">DHS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Nationwide News Pty Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_369"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=370>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">898 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">December</span><span class="c2"> 18, 1992, Friday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">TIME TO GO</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Jack Carey</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 1C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">339 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Bob Devaney, one of the most recognized figures at the University of Nebraska since his arrival as football coach in 1962, says he is bitter with the manner in which he was led to retirement after 31 years of service to the state. Devaney, who will step down Jan. 5 as athletic director, said he also feels bitter about the manner in which his replacement, Bill Byrne, was selected. ''I was hoping I could work a little longer,'' Devaney said.</span><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>&#160;<br/></span><span class="c2"> GOOD NEWS: Jockey Kent Desormeaux was released from Centinela Hospital Medical Center in Inglewood, Calif., Wednesday - five days after sustaining several small skull fractures in a fall at Hollywood Park. After his release, Desormeaux headed to Arcadia Methodist Hospital, where his wife, Sonya, gave birth to the couple's first child, 4-pound, 1-ounce Joshua Jason. Desormeaux could be back riding in 4-6 weeks.<br/>&#160;<br/> SHOE WARS: A patent infringement lawsuit has been settled by </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. and Avia Group International, the shoe makers announced Thursday. Avia filed the lawsuit in 1991, charging that </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> ''Air 180'' and ''Air Force 180'' running and basketball shoes infringed on Avia patents. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> responded that one of its patents was infringed by several Avia athletic shoes. Neither company would discuss terms of the settlement.<br/>&#160;<br/> GREEN FEES: Charitable contributions from the PGA Tour, Senior PGA Tour and Ben Hogan Tour reached a record $ 29 million this year, it was announced Thursday by the PGA Tour.<br/>&#160;<br/> DOWN UNDER: Three Australians led the way Thursday in the first round of the $ 2.7 million World Championship of golf at Montego Bay, Jamaica. Craig Parry shot 2-under-par 68 for the lead. Greg Norman and Peter O'Malley shared second at 71.<br/>&#160;<br/> DURAN WINS: Four-time world champion Roberto Duran (87-9) stopped journeyman Ken Hulsey (16-8) with a hard left to the ribs Thursday in the second round of a scheduled 10-round middleweight fight in Cleveland.<br/>&#160;<br/> BOUNCED: From Vermont to Nevada, college basketball underwent changes in 1992.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Sportsline</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_370"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=371>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">901 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">St. Petersburg Times (Florida)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">June</span><span class="c2"> 24, 1992, Wednesday, City Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Imprint on victim's throat linked to shoe</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">ELIZABETH CLARKE</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 8B</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">328 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">GAINESVILLE</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> tennis shoe found in a garbage can days after the slayings of two University of Florida students could have made the imprints found on one victim's neck, an expert witness testified Tuesday.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The marks left on the neck of Eleanor Anne Grace, 20, indicate the shoe was repositioned at least once, said Florida Department of Law Enforcement crime lab analyst supervisor Ernest Hamm.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Carpet cleaner Alan Robert Davis, charged with killing Grace and her roommate Carla Marie McKishnie, 22, last June in their Casablanca West apartment, told investigators less than 48 hours after the killings that he knocked Grace unconscious after she sprayed him with Mace.</span><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>&#160;<br/></span><span class="c2">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;He said he strangled McKishnie before returning to Grace, who was found on the floor of an upstairs bathroom. McKishnie's body was found under a bed.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Dollar General cashier Debbie Hutchins said the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoes seemed to be the ones she put in a bag for Davis, 30, after he bought a new pair of shoes June 6, 1991, the day the women were killed.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;"He had the new shoes on. He had the old shoes in his hand," Hutchins said. "He asked me if I would put the shoes in a bag."<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Alachua County sheriff's detective Robert Gaff said he and another detective retrieved those shoes from a garbage can outside the Dollar General on June 9, 1991.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Hamm, the crime lab analyst, said that although the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoes could have made the marks, he couldn't guarantee the imprints came from that shoe.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Hamm told Circuit Judge Robert P. Cates that three fingerprints found in the bathroom sink match Davis' fingerprints and a palm print from the counter around the sink matched Davis' right palm print.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Assistant State Attorney Ralph Grabel said Davis' confession, along with testimony from the medical examiner who performed the autopsies, will be introduced as evidence today. He expects to complete his case today.<br/></span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 3, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DISTRIBUTION: </span><span class="c2">TAMPA BAY AND STATE</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Times Publishing Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_371"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=372>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">902 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 14, 1991, SUNDAY, THREE STAR Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">BO'S LATEST </span><span class="c8">NIKE</span><span class="c7"> COMMERCIAL DELIVERS A MIXED MESSAGE</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Bill Modoono Scripps Howard News Service</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 4F</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">475 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Random observations from the wide, wide world of television sports: - Bo Jackson came through a television the other night. Walked right through the sucker in an effort to express his utter disgust with the medium, one supposes.  Of course, it wasn't real. It was merely another in a seemingly endless series of clever (and somewhat disturbing) </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> television commercials.  Do we know Bo in any other way?  Anyway, in this one Jackson spoofs his image (created in previous commercials, naturally) that he can do anything. In the middle of the spot, Bo walks off a lavish stage set, complete with musicians and beautiful back-up singers.  He walks right through a TV set into a living room, where he chides a little boy who is sitting there for watching too much television. He then heads to a gym where he is shown going about the difficult business of rehabilitating his career.  The career that exists outside of commercials, that is.  The message, presumably, is that what Bo is really all about is hard work and sweat, which is not exactly what </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> was saying in its earlier ''Bo knows'' commercials. No, those implied that everything from hockey to rocket science came naturally to this wondrous athlete.  This time, there's work involved and since the product being advertised is something worn in weight rooms and gymnasiums, it makes sense to finally put Jackson in such a setting. The message about hard work was equally welcome and Tuesday's All-Star game was a great place for the spot to make its debut.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">But let's pause here for a healthy dose of cynicism. Bo Jackson chastising a kid for watching too much television? Bo Jackson telling us that image is not everything? Who's kidding who? Not that it is Jackson's fault, but no athlete has been dominated by his TV image more than Jackson. Jackson's pro sports career, as spectacular as it was in brief spurts, could not compete with Jackson's TV image.  Most athletes need to be at or near the top of their games to sustain a career in commercial endorsements. All Jackson had to do w as be Bo.  This advertisement is proof of that. Jackson has yet to play an inning - and may never play an inning - in a Chicago White Sox uniform, and yet his Sox uniform (stylishly black, of course) is featured prominently in this advertisement.  Bo does not have any White Sox RBIs, but he does have a White Sox image.  Thanks to </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span><span class="c2">  Of course, image is what </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is selling, every bit as much as sneakers.  Images perpetrated by TV commercials. Images consumed willingly by little kids (and big ones, too) who watch too much TV.  Should we listen to Bo and not watch so much TV and go out and ''just do it''? Or, should we just sit back and be overwhelmed by the amazing and attractive image of Bo? </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is telling us to do the former while cleverly enticing us to do the latter.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">October 14, 1993</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">English</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_372"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=373>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">904 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Guardian (London)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">June</span><span class="c2"> 20, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">EXTRA TIME: SIXTH COLUMN</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">EDITED BY JEREMY ALEXANDER, MATTHEW ENGEL, NEIL ROBINSON</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 17</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">622 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> THERE are two works on tennis at the Royal Academy's Summer Exhibition. Turbo Tennis is a bronze girl with pigtails, racket and roller-skates. The other is a naive painting called Centre Court which bears no relation to Wimbledon.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The same hand is responsible for the only rugby offering, World Cup Final, which has no sense of occasion or Twickenham - making two impostors, treated just the same. Perhaps the Kipling quote, reproduced at the entrance to the Centre Court, went to the artist's head.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The exhibition also includes three works on football, two on cricket, one each on boxing and the London Marathon and, in the architectural section, the National Hockey Stadium at Milton Keynes. And that is all.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> It is uncertain which is more naive, the work or the hanging committee. But, when it comes to hanging, the committee is more deserving. There should be no surprise that sport is ill-represented. So is art. This is evidently the age of infant daub and abstract artifice.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Yet Britain has a noble heritage in sporting art and now a minister of both and more. If the Summer Exhibition has sunk beyond the pale, where junk enough is hung in Piccadilly on Sundays, David Mellor has a clear opportunity to relax the tug-of-war between grant-seeking factions by setting up an exhibition of sporting art. He has only himself to persuade.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> SPAIN's peculiar trademark law is threatening to put a sock in </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> sponsorship of the United States Olympic track and field team. An attorney owns the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> name in Spain, registered 60 years ago by a Barcelona sock maker.  Without his permission - and he shows no hurry to grant it for nothing - athletes cannot use the name. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> (US) talk of "trademark piracy".</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Spanish laws used to permit anyone to register and renew a name simply by paying a fee, even without ever producing anything. Though the statutes were changed in 1988, registrants still do not have to prove they have an on-going business or product when filing an application. If the brand is not used in five years, a challenger must sue the trademark's owner, who then has three months to begin using the mark.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> In July 1990 </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> (US) were issued a registration for their name but two Spanish courts have since upheld the earlier trademark. Though this applies only to sports apparel, not shoes, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> (US) put potential sales losses at pounds 11 1/2 million in Spain and many times that worldwide. It does not help that their adversary is called Amigo.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> THERE may be something in rainbow sunglasses after all. Judging by appearances they fail wretchedly. But Richard Blakey, the first wicketkeeper to follow the fashion, is guarding against further migraine attacks. Several times previously he had been forced from the field. With the glasses he has had no trouble.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> On the other hand Martin McCague of Kent, trying them at Canterbury, failed to see the benefits or, apparently, the ball. After two misfields and the fumble of a simple catch, he sheepishly handed the things to the umpire John Holder.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> GOAL celebrations know no bounds in Brazil. After scoring the winner for Botafogo against Cruzeiro at the Maracana stadium Carlos Alberto Dias jumped on to a telephone booth behind goal, where he was mobbed by team-mates. The referee was not amused. He took Diaz's name, not to mention address and 'phone number.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> PRISONERS at Spain's Ocana jail near Toledo have been getting into the Olympic spirit by staging their own games. Nine nationalities are represented although Spain, with the largest team, are favourites to top the medals table.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> A prison official said that "sports incompatible with an enclosed area" were not in the programme. There is no pole vault.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">May 7, 1993</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Guardian Newspapers Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_373"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=374>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">908 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">February</span><span class="c2"> 2, 1992, Sunday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">They Just Did It</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Diana B. Henriques; &#160;Diana B. Henriques, a financial reporter at The New York Times, is the author of "The Machinery of Greed: Public Authority Abuse and What to Do About It."</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section 7; Page 9; Column 1; Book Review Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">1146 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><br/><span class="c2">SWOOSH<br/></span><span class="c17">The Unauthorized Story of </span><span class="c19">Nike</span><br/><span class="c17">and the Men Who Played There.<br/>By J. B. Strasser and Laurie Becklund.<br/>Illustrated. 682 pp. New York:<br/>Harcourt Brace Jovanovich. $24.95.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> ONCE upon a time, people did not jog. The very notion of lacing up hideously expensive sneakers to trot along the roadside at a sweat-breaking pace would simply never have occurred to the ordinary person.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">There were sports shoes, of course, manufactured by a handful of low-profile companies catering to professional and amateur athletes who ran track or played team sports. But for typical middle-class Americans, a complete sports-shoe wardrobe comprised a pair of tennis shoes, some golf shoes with parquet-marring cleats, and a pair of high-top sneakers for shooting baskets with the guys.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Then, in the mid-1960's, something happened. Almost overnight, the loneliness of the long-distance runner was invaded by hordes of health-conscious converts to the runner's religion. Fad became frenzy: if you weren't jogging, you should have been jogging. And for the shoe business, the world turned upside down.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Suddenly the sports footwear market became an arena worth fighting for. And fight the shoemakers did -- across national borders, with shifting alliances, by fair means and foul. Despite its inane title -- the "Swoosh" is the fat, lopsided chevron that is </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> trademark -- this is a lively and engrossing account of that battle, as told from the perspective of the men who fought to push </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> from nowhere to the front ranks of its industry.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A raucous crew they were, too. A more accurate subtitle for the book would have been " 'Chariots of Fire' Meets 'Animal House.' " </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> executives routinely punished themselves with grueling international travel, impossible production deadlines, constant financial anxiety -- and used alcohol as an ever-present anodyne. Marriages fell apart. People fell apart. Sometimes even the shoes fell apart. But the bombardment of the competition -- chiefly Adidas, the German running-shoe giant -- continued without so much as an occasional cease-fire. Ultimately, it was a war with few heroes and many, many casualties.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The silent, implacable general in the fight was Philip H. (Buck) Knight, the enigmatic Oregonian who willed </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> into existence and who is still chairman of the $3 billion public company that his brainchild has become. At the University of Oregon in the late 50's, Buck Knight -- a shy, monkish accounting student -- was a competent but unspectacular runner for Bill Bowerman, the school's legendary track coach. In late 1963, when Mr. Knight decided to go into the shoe business, Mr. Bowerman agreed to help him -- for a half-interest in Blue Ribbon Sports, the company that would become </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">For Mr. Bowerman, the perfect running shoe was the Holy Grail. Years before he teamed up with Mr. Knight, he had been cobbling together his own experimental versions for his top runners. But those were amateur endeavors; when he sealed the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> partnership with a handshake, Mr. Bowerman went pro. He put Mr. Knight's shoes on the feet of his own hero athletes -- an endorsement from Olympus in the runner's world -- and he contributed to the research process. He quietly sold his cachet, his influence with young athletes, to </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span><span class="c2"> In return, he eventually became very rich.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It was on just such alliances that the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> empire was built. The Bowerman connection was perhaps more noble than some of the later cash-for-cachet deals </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> entered into with amateur and professional athletes and coaches. And it was certainly less crass than the liaisons already forged by a few of </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> rivals. But it was the first step in a process that ultimately came to define the company and, indeed, the entire industry.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">That process reached its fullest development in </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> dealing with Michael Jordan of the Chicago Bulls, the electrifying athlete whose association with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> put the term "Air Jordans" into the sports lexicon -- and burned a desire for fancy footwear into the minds of countless impoverished city youths. At the peak of the Air Jordan frenzy in 1985, the $65 shoes were being resold on the street for $100 a pair. "I can't wear them around here," one National Basketball Association executive said at the time. "I'm afraid they'd be taken away from me on the way to work by some kid with a gun."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">For some of the men who built </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> this commercialization of the sports they cherished and the athletes they idealized felt like heartbreak, or like betrayal. But for most of them, it felt like a war -- against richer, more powerful European adversaries like Adidas and Puma, against Asian factories and finance companies who wanted more of the action, against the pushy agents who handled the star athletes, and even -- sadly, too often -- against one another.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The book's major flaw is its failure to illuminate the man who started it all -- a shortcoming that perhaps cannot be entirely attributed to its authors, J. B. Strasser, a former </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> employee (whose husband, Rob Strasser, is one of the company's founding executives and now part owner of a consulting firm that works for a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> rival), and her sister, Laurie Becklund, a reporter for The Los Angeles Times. Phil Knight remains, after hundreds of pages, the same indistinct and enigmatic figure he was when the story opened. A "black hole," one of his subordinates once called him. The "masked man," pronounced another. Mr. Knight offered little cooperation with this book, its authors concede in their preface, and he emerges mostly as a mosaic of images: Buck Knight as seen by the other actors on the stage. There is little sense of what drove him, what inspired him, why he did what he did -- except for a poignant suggestion, as the story is ending, that he might, just possibly, have done it for the money.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Certainly </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> made enormous amounts of money for the people who built it. When the company went public in 1980, Mr. Knight joined the ranks of the very rich. The ruinous effect of success on an entrepreneurial company is a threadbare cliche in business, of course, but in "Swoosh" it is transformed into an exciting, intimate adventure that gives the old tale a fresh gloss.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The fundamental wonder of the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> story is that so much emotion and effort and imagination have been expended on behalf of a slab of rubber and a few scraps of nylon mesh. However, the authors of "Swoosh" are occasionally able to lift the running shoe to the level of cultural icon. At those moments, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> story begins to echo that of an entire generation -- those newborns of the baby boom who rebelled in the 60's, jogged through the 70's, memorized aerobic pulse levels in the 80's and have arrived at the 90's with tender joints and at least three pairs of athletic shoes on the floor of the closet.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Odds are, at least some of those shoes are </span><span class="c4">Nikes.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">February 2, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Photo: Philip (Buck) Knight in 1962, before he founded </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., breaking the tape in a pair of Adidas shoes. (Jeff Johnson/From "Swoosh")</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Review</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_374"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=375>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">911 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 31, 1991, SUNDAY, THREE STAR Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">ADVERTISING WORLD SNUBS THE STARS OF OLD RELIABLE - BASEBALL</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Mike Littwin The Baltimore Sun</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 3F</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">658 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">If Bo Jackson's sporting career is over, that would make him the last of the great baseball stars, and even he didn't exactly qualify. He was a hybrid, a baseball-football freak whose like we hadn't seen since Jim Thorpe. And it took a shoe commercial to make him really famous anyway.  Where are the great baseball stars? I mean real stars, Ruthian stars, where-have-you-gone-Joe-DiMaggio stars? Mickey Mantle, Willie Mays, Hammerin' Hank stars?  As far as I can tell, there aren't any, even though baseball, as a game, is bigger, grander, more popular than ever, or haven't you tried pricing baseball cards lately? And even though we live in an era where anyone - picture your name here - can be a celebrity.  It isn't as if the games we play aren't yielding heroes. Michael Jordan is the only man in America whose popularity rivals Stormin' Norman (take note: he drinks Diet Pepsi) Schwarzkopf. He is On-The-Air Jordan. Talk about hang time, Jordan has true staying power, from your shoes to your breakfast table to your soft drink to who knows where it will end. It doesn't stop with Jordan, either. Old people get Jack Nicklaus and Arnold Palmer. Young people get Boris Becker and John McEnroe. Magic Johnson, Mr. Robinson. And Joe Montana, he's everywhere now. Even Mike Tyson. Greg Lemond - who rides a bicycle - gets Taco Bell. Basketball, football, boxing, cycling, golf, tennis.  Baseball, anyone?  Maybe it's the criteria we set for stardom these days.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">In the modern era, stardom has come to mean endorsements, commercials, TV time. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> made Bo; Bo didn't make </span><span class="c4">Nike. Nike</span><span class="c2"> did as much for Bo as Miller Lite did for Marv Throneberry. It's all an advertising game.  Let's take the case of David Robinson, who is a fine basketball player but no better than Patrick Ewing or Hakeem Olajuwon. Somebody in advertising picked out Robinson, who is bright and articulate, but the ad boys didn't trade on that, either. They made Robinson into the stereotypical 7-foot mean guy whose path you had better cross only with caution, in comic juxtaposition with the numbing calmness of Mr. Rogers. It's a media creation, and Mr.  Robinson, although he performs in a small market, is now a media star.  Why didn't somebody pick Rickey Henderson instead?  There is one easy explanation, and that's shoes. Basketball players wear shoes that people buy by the millions, pumping up the volume. People don't kick back in cleats, if only for safety reasons. The shoe industry and the National Basketball Association have fed nicely on each other in classic economic symbiosis, and they've both grown apace. And there's the crossover effect. Minute Maid is coming out with a commercial starring Isiah Thomas, Dominique Wilkins and Ewing, who are hot because basketball is hot because </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> commercials are hot.  But Boomer Esiason just got a Reebok commercial. Why not Don Mattingly? Why not Eric Davis? Why not Ryne Sandberg? Why not Dwight Gooden?  Nolan Ryan is getting work these days, but, gosh, is there a better story anywhere in sports? This guy is a biological phenomenon who, by any logic, ought to be a megastar - but who isn't, at least on Madison Avenue.  Even the experts are stumped. If the time is ripe for anti-heroes - McEnroe, Jim McMahon, Brian Bosworth, Charles Barkley - why not Jose Canseco, who has fame, personality and all the bad, bad boy you could ask for? Go figure.  There are actually more stars, in the old sense, in baseball than in any other sport. There are names that people who follow baseball know. But as it was explained to me, baseball, in advertising jargon, is an ''old reliable brand'' and therefore possesses limited sex appeal. And it's a regional brand.  Cal Ripken is big in Baltimore, Andre Dawson in Chicago and Michael Jordan everywhere.  But could there be more to it? Has baseball somehow become a faceless sport? Or is it that the real heroes, say Pete Rose, have shown themselves to be flawed?</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">October 8, 1993</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">English</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_375"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=376>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">913 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">October</span><span class="c2"> 13, 1992, Tuesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Sanders loyal only to himself, </span><span class="c8">Nike</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Terence Moorepersonalities; business; finances; earnings</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Section D; Page 5</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">631 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Braves are a victory away from reaching the World Series tonight at Atlanta-Fulton County Stadium, but everybody is engrossed with the guy who isn't here. We're talking about Deion Sanders, whose mind is elsewhere.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Maybe it's in Buckhead.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Maybe it's in Miami.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Maybe it's in Beavertown, Ore., where </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> makes enough money to make Sanders do goofy things.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">There was Sanders's latest silliness that began Saturday night after Game 4 of the National League Championship Series in Pittsburgh. First, he took a limo to the airport. Then he caught a charter to Miami for Sunday's Falcons game against the Dolphins. Then he swam the English Channel. Then he shot deer in Alaska. Then he sauntered into the Braves' clubhouse for Sunday's Game 5 against the Pirates.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Braves president Stan Kasten isn't pleased these days. After all, Kasten is o ne of the few sports executives who was forced to phone one of his players to ask that player what his plans were for the next day.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"The details were a little sketchy," said Kasten, hours after he dialed Sanders in his hotel room Saturday. Witnesses said the conversation between Kasten and Sanders was rather loud. Anyway, somebody asked Kasten if Sanders would do what he was rumored to do after flying to the Falcons' game and hustle back to town to continue his role as the most overpublicized bench player in baseball history.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"He didn't say," said Kasten, grinning, with eyebrows raised. "I'm just assuming that he's coming back."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Braves general manager John Schuerholz isn't pleased with Sanders, either. Schuerholz says he wouldn't have placed Sanders on the Braves' playoff roster if he knew Sanders would renege on his agreement to stay exclusively with the Braves throughout the postseason.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I'll discuss the situation after the playoffs," said Schuerholz, his words toasting Pittsburgh's chilly air. As for Braves manager Bobby Cox, when asked if Sanders's latest silliness would have been worse if Sanders weren't just another guy on the roster, "If he were a starter doing this, it would be a huge issue. Now it's just an issue."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">No, this is just Deion Sanders, the ego that both the Braves and the Falcons can do without. Sanders's ego is the size of Atlanta-Fulton County Stadium and the Georgia Dome. Sanders's ego is out of control. Fortunately, for Atlanta sports fans, Sanders's ego can become somebody else's problem in 1993, since neither the Braves nor the Falcons are contractually obligated to the guy after their respective seasons.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The sad thing is that it has taken the ultimate of silliness from Sanders to make the Braves see what they should have seen all along, and that is Deion Sanders cares only about Deion Sanders. Well, that and his three-year, $ 3 million contract with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">. In fact, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is making a commercial of Sanders's latest silliness. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> runs Sanders. If he plays only one sport someday, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> says it will cut his payroll by $ 900,000 per year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">That "someday" for Sanders might come soon within these city limits, hopefully in regard to the Braves and the Falcons.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sanders stopped talking to the local media, by the way, because of your afternoon columnist. I wrote last month that Sanders was embarrassing himself by saying the Falcons were using a "plantation" mentality during negotiations that gave him a $ 2 million salary with the team this season.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">I wrote that Sanders should "shut up," and he did. He said he was doing so because of me.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Well, I blew it. If I'd known that Sanders follows my advice, I'd have asked for a piece of his </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> contract. I can't ask now, because Sanders told author John Feinstein in regards to why he doesn't talk to the local media, "They had the privilege, they abused the privilege, and now they've lost the privilege."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Darn.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">October 17, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH922910130</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_376"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=377>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">915 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Sunday Times (London)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">September</span><span class="c2"> 6, 1992, Sunday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Adidas plans $30m boost</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Rufus Olins</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Business</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">282 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">PENTLAND GROUP, which recently acquired Adidas, the sports goods company, is launching a $30m (Pounds 15.4m) advertising campaign, in an effort to fight off its American rivals, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and Reebok. It also wants to introduce a series of top-of-the-range products.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Adidas has sacked its advertising agency, Young &amp; Rubicam, and appointed Leagas Delaney, whose clients include Porsche cars and Timberland shoes, to help protect the market-leading position of Adidas in Europe. The Nuremberg company, which used to have 50% of Germany's sports-shoe market, has seen its share slip to 40%. Adidas also plans to take on Reebok and </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> in America, where it has 3% of the market.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Frank Farrant, Pentland's finance director, said: ''The brand is so powerful it doesn't have a problem once we've put some momentum behind it.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Pentland, which entered a conditional agreement to buy control of Adidas two months ago, is expected to report interim profits of about Pounds 19m tomorrow, and a dividend increase.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Results from the deal, which is scheduled to be completed in November, will not be included in this week's figures. In 1991, however, under the control of Bernard Tapie, Adidas made only Pounds 7.6m profit on turnover of Pounds 1.1billion.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Stephen Rubin, chairman of Pentland, who netted Pounds 390m last year by selling his stake in Reebok, believes he can now resurrect Adidas with improved marketing, sourcing, distribution and product innovation. A key task is to improve margins at the company.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Beefeater Gin is attacking its arch-rival Gordon's for reducing its alcohol strength from 40% to 37.5% by volume in an advertising campaign by Abbott Mead starting today.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 9, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Times Newspapers Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_377"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=378>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">916 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">MTI Econews</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">August</span><span class="c2"> 26, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Hungarian-Italian ammunition manufacturing JV - development plans</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">NEWS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">453 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">&#160;&#160; Budapest, August 26, 1991 (MTI-ECONEWS) - </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">-Fiocchi,<br/> a Hungarian-Italian JV which manufactures ammunition,<br/> recently embarked on a 250-million-forint (3.33-million-USD)<br/> capacity expansion project.</span><span class="c2">&#160;<br/></span><span class="c2">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; The JV, which operates on the premises of Nitrokemia<br/> Industrial Works at Balatonfuzfo, Western Hungary, was set<br/> up on January 1, 1991, with an initial capital of 662<br/> million forints (8.82 million USD).<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; The partners -- Nitrokemia, and Fiocchi of Lecco, Italy,<br/> share the capital 50:50.<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">-Fiocchi manufactures ammunition mainly for hunting<br/> and sports guns, as well as for special weapons.<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; The company expects to put out products worth 450<br/> million forints (5.92 million USD) this year, 80 per cent of<br/> which will go for export.<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Main markets are Denmark, Germany, The Netherlands and<br/> Canada.<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; About 15 per cent of the JV's output is made up of<br/> pyrotechnical products.<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; As well as manufacturing cartridges for fireworks,<br/>&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">-Fiocchi has just started a trial production run of its<br/> own patent, a rocket used for braking hang-gliders.<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; A variety of cartridges for power nail-punches is<br/> another of the company's own developments: these are used<br/> primarily in the building industry. The majority of these<br/> products will similarly be exported, mainly to Western<br/> Europe.<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; The Hungarian-Italian JV reckons that the<br/> 250-million-forint development project it recently<br/> implemented will be complete by 1993.<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; New production lines with capacities larger than the<br/> present equipment will be put into service via this project.<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; As a result of the investment, overall capacities will<br/> be increased by 50 per cent.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">August 26, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 MTI Hungarian News Agency</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_378"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=379>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">918 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 30, 1992, Thursday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">BARCELONA OLYMPICS Mercenary athletes use hard-sell on soft shoes</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Steve Hummerolympics; advertising; equipment; behavior; business; trends; results</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Section F; Page 5</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">681 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Barcelona - We have seen early in these Games clues to future Olympics, when athletes no longer will align themselves by nation and heritage, but rather by how they are shod. No more flags. No more anthems. Only the drumbeats of commerce.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In the opening ceremonies of tomorrow, competitors will march into the stadium behind the corporate logo of their choosing. Teammates may not speak a common language, but they will be on a common payroll.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Stirring medal ceremonies will consist of some 30-second spot flashed on a big screen - no doubt directed by Spike Lee - while the theme of the gold medal winner's sponsor blares over the sound system.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It's honestly not that far away.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Some U.S. track and field performers already have shown us how difficult it is to keep a team together on the flimsy basis of pride-in- country.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Tuesday, Danny Everett of the 1,600-meter relay went to the media with complaints that his choice, Andrew Valmon, was excluded from the four-man team in favor of Michael Johnson because of shoe politics. He charged that coach Mel Rosen and Johnson were solemates - both </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> guys - and they conspired to keep Valmon off the team because he does not have the proper insignia on his shoe. Never mind that Johnson is probably the more capable 400-meter man.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">You can see bad things coming for this relay team. Maybe a baton gets dropped because somebody's contract prohibits contact with another athlete from a different company.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">This team doesn't need training, it requires a corporate merger.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Europe has broken up or recombined because of politics and age-old ethnic divisions. The United States is breaking up over footwear.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The lines already have blurred concerning who is competing for whom. Track's biggest stars have been independent agents for a long time, collecting beneath the U.S. flag once every four years. The arrangement has never seemed more transparent than here.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">If you wanted to interview Carl Lewis at the start of the Games, that would not be arranged by the United States Olympic Committee, but rather by the athletics-wear company, Mizuno. You would be directed by helpful Mizuno employees to a cramped, steamy atrium where Lewis would meet the world's media and discuss the current state of business. Another giant in the world of overpriced sneakers, Asics, was proud to announce its news conference Wednesday with 100-meter contender Leroy Burrell. Also on hand would be company chairman Kihachico Onitsuka. Used to be, athletes appeared with their coaches. Now they tow foreign CEOs.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Undisputed champion of redesigning the Olympics is </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, which is running almost daily orchestrated media events at a theater it rented in downtown Barcelona. It has claimed outright many of the most popular athletes here as its own, ignoring whatever other insignia they may bear. The only differentiation it makes between people is in size and width.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Michael Jordan and Commonwealth of Independent States pole-vaulter Sergei Bubka appeared almost as teammates together on the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> stage, the conference moderated by NBC's Ahmad Rashad. Call it a seminar on hang time.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Charles Barkley stopped by. Scheduled to follow were members of the Croatian basketball team. Most ambitious yet is the "</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> International Track and Field Team" - </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> title, not mine. Consisting of such diverse members as the previously maligned Michael Johnson, Chinese hurdler Tong Li, Nigerian sprinter Mary Onyali and middle-distance runner Letitia Vriesde of Suriname, they are supposed to appear today as one big, happy, nylon-upper coalition.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">I like the chances of the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> International Track and Field Team to do well in the medal count in these Games. The </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> machine should be a force for Olympics to come.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">For all this time, idealists have dreamed about weaning the Olympics from its nationalism, the unseemly flag-waving and jingoism. That is being steadily attended to by the makers of fine leisure wear. In the near future, the worst chant you'll hear at the Olympic Stadium will go something like:</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Your shoe stinks! Your shoe stinks!"</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">August 5, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH922180166</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_379"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=380>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">920 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Herald Sun</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">April</span><span class="c2"> 4, 1991 Thursday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Biskic's win may result in a career extension</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">DESIRA P</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">350 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">JOE BISKIC, captain of Melbourne Croatia, has been named player-of-the-year in the Herald-Sun-</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air Golden Boot award.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The midfielder overtook the three joint leaders - John Filan, Anthony Franken and Mike Petersen - with three votes in the postponed match against Marconi in Sydney.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Biskic was the only one of seven players with award-winning chances to poll votes.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> He said last night it had been easy to play well in a Melbourne Croatia team full of good players.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> He conceded the win may force him to change his retirement plans.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> As the Golden Boot winner, Biskic will receive $2000 cash from </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Biskic is hopeful it will turn into a double celebration with Melbourne Croatia winning the league title.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Fixture details for the first round of the NSL championhip finals series: Sunday April 14. Elimination semi (4th vs 5th): Marconi v Melita Eagles at Parramatta Stadium, 3pm. Preliminary semi (2nd v 3rd): South Melbourne v Adelaide City at Olympic Park, 3pm.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Herald-Sun </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air Golden Boot Award.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Round 26. Votes. Marconi v Melb Croatia: 3 Biskic (mc), 2 Miller (mc), 1 Lowe (m). Adelaide City v Melb Cro: 3 Veart (ac), 2 T.Vidmar (ac), 1 Ivanovic (ac).Apia v Preston Mak: 3 Ellem (al), 2 Poimer (al), 1 Jolevski (pm). Melita v Syd Oly: 3 Cerro (me), 1 Genc (me), 1 Hunter (me), 1 Bernal (so). South Melb v Heidelberg: 3 Wright (sm), 1 Trimboli (sm), 1 McDowall (h), 1 Postecoglou (sm). Sunshine v Woll City: 3 Roodhouse (sgc), 2 Yankos (wc), 1 Hunter (sgc). Syd Cro v St George: 3 Harper (stg), 2 El Ali (stg), 1 Koczka (stg).Woll Mac v Marconi: 3 Seal (m), 2 Georgakis (m), 1 Young (wm).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Leaders: 20 Biskic. 18 Filan, Franken, Petersen. 17 Clarkson, P.Okon.16 Blagojevic, Durakovic, 15 Ivanovic, Petkovic, Stubbins. 14 Bundalo, Herd, Kindtner, Phillips, Stewart, Yankos. 13 Cerro, Gimenez, Katholos, Kuc, we, A.Vidmar, 12 Davidson, 11 El Ali, Jackson, Kupresak, McCulloch, Parton, Soper, Spink, Tsolakis, T.Vidmar. 10 Catlin, C.Foster, Harper, Krslovic, Marth, Nowicki, Olver, Soper, Wade, Player of the week. Rd 26: Danny Wright (sm).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> END OF STORY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 25, 2003</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Joe Biskic . . . last-minute votes took him to the top of the soccertree.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2">DHS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_380"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=381>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">922 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 15, 1991, Monday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">College basketball coaches mostly unhappy campers</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Pat Forde</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 10C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">778 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">INDIANAPOLIS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The </span><span class="c4">Nike/</span><span class="c2">ABCD Basketball Camp, the swoosh-stripe fashion show that doubles as a showcase for the USA's most dazzling high school boys basketball talent, concluded last week.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Participants hailed it as one of the best ever. Although the camp stresses academics, featuring five hours of classwork daily, its dribbles might be numbered.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A controversial piece of legislation from the National Association of Basketball Coaches is aimed at reining in summer camps.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The NABC says the current system fails in several areas:</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- It allows third parties to exert influence over prospects in recruiting or act as middlemen between players and college coaches.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- It forces coaches to crisscross the country for all of July to put in appearances watching prospects; such appearances are believed to be essential in wooing recruits.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">That runs at odds with cost-cutting measures the NCAA is trying to enforce.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''It's an area that's totally unregulated,'' said University of Southern California coach George Raveling, chairman of the NABC Recruiting Committee.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The committee recommends that the NCAA start regulating. Its suggestion: nine NCAA-sponsored regional camps.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The recommendation goes before the NCAA Council July 31. If it passes, it will be forwarded to the NCAA convention in January, where university presidents will vote on it as a two-year pilot program to be implemented in summer 1993.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''I think it has a real good chance of passing,'' said Rick Evrard, NCAA director of legislative services.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">According to the NABC plan, only high school seniors-to-be (not other underclassmen) would be invited to its camps, at a cost of $ 75, and only high school coaches would work at the camps.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Most important, these would be the only camps college coaches are permitted to attend, which presumably would put talent shows like </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> in the shoebox.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''I think it's ludicrous,'' said </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> coordinator Sonny Vaccaro, the man who outfits his 120 campers in shoes, shirts and shorts - and the man whom some call the most powerful in college basketball because of his shoe deals with dozens of the game's top coaches.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''I think it's blind. And the reasons aren't good enough for me to believe that what they're trying to do is for the best interests of the kids.''<br/>Raveling stressed he is merely the chairman of the NABC's Recruiting Committee, not a lone firebrand.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''I'm interested in who these people are who think it's a slim chance,'' he said. ''They're certainly not the people who vote on it. ... A lot of coaches want to demonstrate to adminstrators they're on the same page.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Raveling said he has been banned from three camps for his advocacy of a new summer system.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The only camp Raveling would name that he said has banned him is Dave Krider's All-American camp in Cincinnati. Krider also is sports editor for the La Porte (Ind.) Herald-Argus and picks all-USA teams for USA TODAY.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Raveling said players are saying they feel pressured to attend Krider's camp in order to boost chances of being all-USA.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''We don't promise kids anything,'' Krider said. ''I have never, ever told kids anything as far as my position at USA TODAY helping them in any way.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Krider's camp made its debut last year. He and partner Bobby Kortsen charged coaches $ 200 for Kortsen's scouting service - which they had to buy in order to gain access to floor seating at the University of Cincinnati's Shoemaker Center.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Krider, who will charge only $ 15 this year, claims some schools spend more than $ 20,000 on recruiting, ''so how much is $ 200 really?'' Krider also alleges that at their camps, Bill Cronauer (BC Camp) and Howard Garfinkel (Five Star) have sold private information on prospects. Garfinkel could not be reached, but Cronauer denies the charge.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The divisiveness among camps, Raveling said, keeps them from presenting a united front to discuss the issue with the NABC.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''Everyone is pointing his finger at the other guy,'' he said. ''There's a need for regulation. You can't even get five of them in the same room to arbitrate.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Several college coaches scouting Vaccaro's camp had reservations about the new proposal.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''It's mixed, I think,'' Georgetown's John Thompson said of the coaches' reaction. ''I think a lot of guys are for it because of what they perceive it to be: They perceive it to be something where the NCAA will take total supervision and there will be no influences at all.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''. ... But is the NCAA capable of administering a camp? Let's stop and think about that. They can't even administer enforcement services; they don't have enough people. Where's the (camp) staff going to come from? Where's the funding going to come from?''</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">PHOTO; b/w, Porter Binks, USA TODAY<br/>&#160;<br/>CUTLINE: GEORGE RAVELING: USC coach banned from three camps because of stance.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">Pat Forde writes for the Louisville Courier-Journal.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_381"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=382>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">925 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Straits Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">The right fit</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">November</span><span class="c2"> 19, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">Mary Rose Gasmier</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> With so many types of sports shoes in the market, how do you pick the right one? MARY ROSE GASMIER asks a man who should know.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> WHETHER you are a big-foot, small-foot, thin-foot or fat-foot, the point of buying sports shoes is to get a pair that fits your particular needs. And one man who should know how to go about doing this is James Spiro Davis, 49, chairman of New Balance.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">New Balance's American sales of US$ 95 million (S$ 153 million) last year limp far behind </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> US$ 1.7 billion and Reebok's US$ 1.3 billion in the same period. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> holds 29.8 per cent of the United States market, Reebok 22.8 per cent. New Balance trails with just 1.8 per cent.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Given these figures, and as Mr Davis was on a selling mission here last week, some sales talk is perhaps understandable.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We don't have the promotional budget that </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has but I just believe that ours is a far superior product," he says, sunk in an armchair in the lobby of the Shangri-la Hotel.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">To his credit, though, when asked for advice on what the Singapore consumer should look for in a pair of athletic shoes, he immediately sits up to give clear, detailed instructions, then stands up to demonstrate how to test your shoe.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He suggests several factors one should bear in mind when selecting athletic shoes:</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&lt;&gt; The most important factor is correct fit: Most shoes are produced in lengths but European feet are longer and narrower, whereas Asian feet are shorter and broader. So the best-fitting shoes are those that offer the width and length appropriate to your foot. A shoe that looks good but does not fit may cause blisters.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&lt;&gt; When shopping for a shoe, first decide what you will use it for: This is where product performance comes in.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&lt;&gt; Shoes are designed differently for men and women because women have narrower heels, so when selecting a model, make sure that it is also the correct "gender".</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A shoe usually has two soles. The outer outsole is made of durable high-carbon rubbers mixed with chemicals and pigments. It is glued with a urethane-based cement onto the inner midsole.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The midsole consists of ethylene-vinylacetate or high-density polyurethane which is usually thicker from the heel to mid-foot to give stability and shock-absorption for the "heel strike", the hard landing on the heel when one runs or jumps.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The midsole is usually made of softer, lower-density polyurethane for the upper part of the foot, which lands more gently during exercise.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">If the materials are of poor quality, a shoe that appears to have a lot of spring and offers a good cushioning effect when you walk up and down in the store may, over time, lose resiliency.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&lt;&gt; So, in buying running shoes, a "hard-heel lander" whose heel normally hits the ground very hard, should look for a running shoe with a reinforced heel -this may be an extra rubber pad that runs in a horseshoe shape round the outer edge of the shoe heel.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Those who tend to run more on the balls of their feet should look for extra reinforcement in this area.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Pick a shoe that offers more forward-backward stability and less torque (sideways wobble).  These are usually found in shoes which have a fairly high midsole.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Shoes like this are also good for heavy people who need stable shoes that can take their weight and will not wobble with each stride. They also offer better grip for cross-country runs or rock-climbing.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&lt;&gt; Running shoes for track and field use and for competitive sports should be lighter, with thinner midsoles and outsoles made of lower-density ethylene-vinylacetate.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The lightness is important for running speed, and the heels are better designed to take the lighter weight of athletes who are generally slim-built. Such shoes should have little torque and more forward-backward stability.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&lt;&gt; For court games like tennis or squash, choose shoes that allow easy sideways movement.  Running shoes like those described above do not fit this purpose as they are not designed for sideways jumps and leaps: The midsole is too high and there is not enough build-up of the sole around the edges.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">When testing the shoes in the shop, move as you would on a court to test flexibility.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Knowledgeable salesmen can tell you which model offers a better grip on a wood surface, such as a squash court, and which on hard ground or artificial surfaces.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&lt;&gt; If you engage in very strenuous activity, you should check for uppers with nylon-mesh which allow air circulation and easy evaporation of sweat. All-leather uppers will retain heat and cause discomfort.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Life; Society; Pg. 5</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">1374 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 20, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">James Spiro Davis ... bought New Balance in 1972 with US$ 20,000 when he was 27.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2"> Copyright 1992 The Straits Times Press Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_382"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=383>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">927 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Toronto Star</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">June</span><span class="c2"> 28, 1991, Friday, METRO EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Agasssi still quite a sight in white at Wimbledon</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Nora McCabe Toronto Star</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. B6</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">671 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Leave it to Andre Agassi.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Or perhaps, to be more accurate, </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">First, the swashbuckling Las Vegan turns the stuffy tennis world on its ear with his tousled tie-dyed hair and stone-washed denim shorts. Not satisfied with this tradition-flaunting attire, he then - with the blessing of </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> his clothier of record - adds Day-Glo cycling shorts and crop-topped shirts.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Then, just when purists have reluctantly started to resign themselves to this godawful apparition, the born-again Agassi embraces . . . tradition.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In keeping with his image as a creature of extremes, for his maiden appearance yesterday at centre court at the All England Club the clean-shaven Agassi wore (gasp) white.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">White warmup suit. White crop-topped shirt. White shorts with white lycra cycling shorts. White socks. White tennis shoes. White headband.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A contrast was Grant Connell, Agassi's Canadian-born opponent who was also dressed by </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span><span class="c2"> He looked like a peacock - even though he conformed to Wimbledon's "predominantly white" clothing rules. That is to say, the Vancouver southpaw's shoes had jade green markings and his first shirt was splashed with blue and hot pink.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">At 3:45 p.m., Agassi, swathed in a white nylon warmup suit, arrived on centre court to a swell of applause from a gallery that included the Duchess of Kent.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Milking the occasion for all it was worth, Agassi went over to his chair and slowly, like a stripper, began to disrobe. As he took off his pants, revealing his white look, there were wolf whistles, cheers, applause.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">When rain began again at 5:08 p.m., washing out play for the rest of the day with but a meager six matches completed, Agassi and Connell were level at one set each and 1-1 in games in the third. The No. 73-ranked Connell took the first 6-4 and the fifth-seeded Agassi the second 6-1.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In what had to be most distracting and intimidating circumstances, Connell did himself proud. He kept his poise, served and volleyed well and moved confidently on the slippery grass. He broke Agassi in the seventh game, then conceded just three more points on his own serve en route to claiming the first set.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Agassi, who had not played a grass court match since losing in the first round here in 1987, started out looking uncomfortable on the unfamiliar turf but grew increasingly comfortable and aggressive as the match progressed. By the second set, he'd harnessed his errant first serve and begun whaling his returns of serve, racking up 16 winners, and broke Connell twice to build a 5-0 lead. When Agassi is firing at that level, no one can blunt his attack.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But while Agassi had the momentum when play stopped, he is vulnerable on grass. There is no evidence that his volleying has improved. He still tends to wind up and take a big swing in midcourt, rarely comes in to crowd the net, rarely opts to come in to volley off his serve. In other words, he has made few adjustments to his normal hard-hitting style to accommodate the vagaries of grass.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He might beat Connell. But he's won't be a serious contender for the men's title.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Connell is not throwing in the towel. Having put to rest his prematch jitters and having had some time to assess the match, he's not pessimistic that he can come back and win - weather permitting.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"It was a great feeling. I loved it. But he's damn good, so I have to get in my first serves and then it's down to two out of three."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In other matches, top-seeded defending champion Stefan Edberg finally finished the match he started Tuesday, defeating Swiss Marc Rosset 6-4, 6-4, 6-4. Eightseeded U.S. Open champion Pete Sampras won his first Wimbledon match - 6-1, 6-2, 6-3 over Brazilian Danilo Marcelino - and sixth-seeded German Michael Stich removed American Dan Goldie 6-4, 6-1, 6-2.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">None of the other Canadians finished. Montreal's Martin Laurendeau is leading 6-3, 7-6 (7-4), 3-6, 2-2 in his match with Briton Danny Sapsford. Patricia Hy of Richmond Hill won the first set 6-2 against veteran South African Ros Fairbank-Nideffer.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">AP photo Stefan Edberg</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_383"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=384>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">929 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">January</span><span class="c2"> 31, 1992, Friday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">SPORTING STYLE Show highlights a $ 21 billion industry</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Jeffry Scott STAFF WRITER</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS; Section G; Page 1</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">502 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Among the great moments in athletic apparel history, 1985 will be recorded as the year that changed us forever.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It was the year Cybill Shepherd showed up at the Emmy Awards wearing a black strapless gown and high-top orange Reeboks.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">And it was the year </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> signed an NBA rookie named Michael Jordan to a $ 5 million, five-year endorsement contract to launch a shoe called Air Jordan.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Since then, America has had a hard time deciding whether $ 80 sneakers are for show or for function. Along the way, sports apparel has become an estimated $ 21 billion-a-year industry in this country - and shoes are just the jumping-off point.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">As about 88,000 representatives of the nation's sporting goods industry converge on Atlanta this weekend for the Super Show, they will be looking at an industry that, if not recession-proof, is certainly in better shape than most of the economy.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">According to the Sporting Goods Manufacturers Association, the industry's retail sales, including equipment, hit $ 31.56 billion in 1991 - up 4.4 percent from 1990. And they're expected to accelerate again this year, climbing 5 percent to $ 33.14 billion.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The industry's fiscal health, however, has little to do with the nation's physical health. According to a study by Kurt Salmon Associates, 80 percent of the sports apparel sold in this country is purchased by "non-participants": those who buy for fashion, not function.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Remember the Billy Crystal/Fernando gag, "Better to look good than feel good"? America takes it to heart.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Reebok understood that appeal in 1985 when it sold its aerobic shoes in 27 colors and shifted the emphasis of its advertising from performance to high fashion. But when </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> Air Jordan sales hit $ 107 million nine months after it was launched, sneaker chic suddenly turned hard core: Americans wanted "serious" athletic apparel first - even if they were just wearing it for fashion.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Reebok's sales slumped, and </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> soared.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Reebok has since rebounded, introducing its "Pump" line of performance sneakers, selling $ 750 million worth, for up to $ 160 a pair, in two years. Still, 70 percent of Pump sales are for "street use," according to the company. And </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> estimates 50 percent of its Air Jordans, at up to $ 130 a pair, aren't worn for basketball.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The companies have come under fire for allegedly marketing the shoes to youths who can't afford them. Some youths reportedly have been killed for the shoes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Reebok now is introducing a line of Pumps for under $ 100. And a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> spokesman says the company recognizes the problem, but denies it has aimed its ads at inner-city youth.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Our target market is people who actually want to use the shoe for athletic purposes," says company spokeswoman Melinda Gable. "We don't segment our advertising. It's national in scope."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The performance appeal has since, like top athletes themselves, made the transition from amateur to pro. The big boom in apparel these days is in licensed merchandise with professional team logos and colors.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">March 5, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_384"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=385>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">931 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Herald Sun</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">February</span><span class="c2"> 28, 1992 Friday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Lisa close to signing up for AOC</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">446 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">AUSTRALIAN runner Lisa Ondieki is close to signing a controversial sponsorship contract which will allow her to chase marathon gold at the Olympic Games in Barcelona.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Ondieki is one of several athletes, including Rob de Castella and Kerry Junna-Saxby, yet to agree to a contract.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> She said yesterday she was likely to sign next week after changes agreed to by the Australian Olympic Committee.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> When Australian team members were first handed the contract, it stipulated they must support the AOC's sponsors from the time of selection until arrival back in Australia after the Games.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> They were also expected to endorse AOC sponsors, even if they were personally sponsored by opposition companies.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The AOC this week altered the contract, making the support start when teams arrive in the Olympic village, rather than during the preparation.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> And no athletes will have to endorse sponsors in competition against their own.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Ondieki said it was a victory for the athletes and the concessions were "worth fighting for".</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The 1988 Olympic silver medallist has been sponsored by </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> for 10 years while the Australian team is sponsored by adidas.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Ondieki leaves for the US on Tuesday to continue her Barcelona build-up and will meet </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> officials to discuss the contra discuss it again with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, who have sponsored me for 10 years now," she said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Ondieki said athletes she had spoken to from other nations had not received the pressure imposed on Australians and officials here were more "bureacratic" than elsewhere.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Ondieki said the contract dispute had unsettled her.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "It's been unpleasantness and stress that you can do without," she said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "It's sad to say but it's another reason I'm glad I'm leaving Australia - so I can leave this all behind." Ondieki will be based in Phoenix, Arizona until it becomes too hot, and in May will head to Europe.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> She will run in the San Fransisco Bay to Breakers race, then a 10km event in Central Park, New York.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Barcelona will be Ondieki's 15th marathon and she admitted the pressure would be on her.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "It's a strange situation going back to the Olympics again when I've won silver because it means I can only do one thing to do better, and that's win the gold," she said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The Olympic marathon course is different from anything Ondieki has tackled before, with a wicked hill at the end.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "It's a unique course because it's the only marathon course that increases in elevation - most race directors want a fast race so they have a decrease," she explained.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "I don't think it'll give anyone an advantage but it's so bad that you have to change your training to take it into account." AAP</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> END OF STORY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 27, 2003</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Lisa Ondieki . . . "worth fighting for".</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2">DHS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Nationwide News Pty Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_385"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=386>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">932 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Toronto Star</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">June</span><span class="c2"> 28, 1991, Friday, ME2</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Agasssi still quite a sight in white at Wimbledon</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Nora McCabe Toronto Star</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. B6</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">675 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;</span><span class="c2">WIMBLEDON - Leave it to Andre Agassi.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Or perhaps, to be more accurate, </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">First, the swashbuckling Las Vegan turns the stuffy tennis world on its ear with his tousled tie-dyed hair and stone-washed denim shorts. Not satisfied with this tradition-flaunting attire, he then - with the blessing of </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> his clothier of record - adds Day-Glo cycling shorts and crop-topped shirts.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Then, just when purists have reluctantly started to resign themselves to this godawful apparition, the born-again Agassi embraces . . . tradition.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In keeping with his image as a creature of extremes, for his maiden appearance yesterday at centre court at the All England Club the clean-shaven Agassi wore (gasp) white.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">White warmup suit. White crop-topped shirt. White shorts with white lycra cycling shorts. White socks. White tennis shoes. White headband.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A contrast was Grant Connell, Agassi's Canadian-born opponent who was also dressed by </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span><span class="c2"> He looked like a peacock - even though he conformed to Wimbledon's "predominantly white" clothing rules. That is to say, the Vancouver southpaw's shoes had jade green markings and his first shirt was splashed with blue and hot pink.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">At 3:45 p.m., Agassi, swathed in a white nylon warmup suit, arrived on centre court to a swell of applause from a gallery that included the Duchess of Kent.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Milking the occasion for all it was worth, Agassi went over to his chair and slowly, like a stripper, began to disrobe. As he took off his pants, revealing his white look, there were wolf whistles, cheers, applause.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">When rain began again at 5:08 p.m., washing out play for the rest of the day with but a meager six matches completed, Agassi and Connell were level at one set each and 1-1 in games in the third. The No. 73-ranked Connell took the first 6-4 and the fifth-seeded Agassi the second 6-1.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In what had to be most distracting and intimidating circumstances, Connell did himself proud. He kept his poise, served and volleyed well and moved confidently on the slippery grass. He broke Agassi in the seventh game, then conceded just three more points on his own serve en route to claiming the first set.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Agassi, who had not played a grass court match since losing in the first round here in 1987, started out looking uncomfortable on the unfamiliar turf but grew increasingly comfortable and aggressive as the match progressed. By the second set, he'd harnessed his errant first serve and begun whaling his returns of serve, racking up 16 winners, and broke Connell twice to build a 5-0 lead. When Agassi is firing at that level, no one can blunt his attack.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But while Agassi had the momentum when play stopped, he is vulnerable on grass. There is no evidence that his volleying has improved. He still tends to wind up and take a big swing in mid-court, rarely comes in to crowd the net, rarely opts to come in to volley off his serve. In other words, he has made few adjustments to his normal hard-hitting style to accommodate the vagaries of grass.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He might beat Connell. But he's won't be a serious contender for the men's title.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Connell is not throwing in the towel. Having put to rest his pre- match jitters and having had some time to assess the match, he's not pessimistic that he can come back and win - weather permitting.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"It was a great feeling. I loved it. But he's damn good, so I have to get in my first serves and then it's down to two out of three."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In other matches, top-seeded defending champion Stefan Edberg finally finished the match he started Tuesday, defeating Swiss Marc Rosset 6-4, 6-4, 6-4. Eight- seeded U.S. Open champion Pete Sampras won his first Wimbledon match - 6-1, 6-2, 6-3 over Brazilian Danilo Marcelino - and sixth-seeded German Michael Stich removed American Dan Goldie 6-4, 6-1, 6-2.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">None of the other Canadians finished. Montreal's Martin Laurendeau is leading 6-3, 7-6 (7-4), 3-6, 2-2 in his match with Briton Danny Sapsford. Patricia Hy of Richmond Hill won the first set 6-2 against veteran South African Ros Fairbank-Nideffer.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">May 13, 1999</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">AP photo Stefan EdbergTennis</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_386"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=387>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">935 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">May</span><span class="c2"> 25, 1991, Saturday, Final Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">FINANCIAL; PAGE C1; DIGEST</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">408 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Occupational Safety and Health Administration is missing work safety violations because it rarely reinspects targeted work sites and relies on information voluntarily supplied by employers, according to a report by the GAO.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Fixed-rate mortgages averaged 9.47 percent this week, down from 9.50 percent last week, according to the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. One-year adjustable rate mortgages were at an average initial rate of 7.22 percent, down from 7.23 percent last week.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Nine soybean traders convicted of fraud and racketeering at the Chicago Board of Trade were sentenced to jail terms of up to three years and ordered to pay hundreds of thousands of dollars in fines and restitution.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">NEC, one of the world's biggest computer chipmakers, said earnings fell 36.2 percent in 1990.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Greyhound Lines said its chairman and chief executive, Fred Currey, has agreed to resign. Currey would not confirm or deny whether the resignation is tied to the company's plans to emerge from bankruptcy protection this summer.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Britain cut interest rates by a half percentage point in an effort to speed an economic recovery promised by the ruling Conservative Party before the next general election. It was the fifth half-point cut since February.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> counter sued Avia Group International, contending that the rival shoemaker is making shoes that use </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> sole cushioning technology. In a suit last week, Avia accused </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> of infringing on patents for its Cantilever sole -- a system that directs the shock of impact away from ankles and knees.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Germany is expected to name Bundesbank Deputy President Helmut Schlesinger as successor to outgoing central bank president Karl Otto Poehl, Reuter quoted government sources as saying.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Canada reports that the number of its bankruptcies has soared 77 percent in April from a year ago as a slump in consumer spending hit the retail sector.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">TRW named Timothy W. Hannemann general manager of the company's Space &amp; Defense Sector. The company's Systems Integration Group, which has headquarters in Fairfax, will report to Hannemann.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Polly Peck International's creditors agreed to a rescue plan that hinges on the continued operation of the company rather than the sale of its Del Monte fresh fruit and Sansui electronics operations to repay outstanding debt.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Carter-Wallace withdrew its letter of intent to buy Procter &amp; Gamble's Dramamine motion sickness brand of medication.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SERIES: </span><span class="c2">Occasional</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">COLUMN</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_387"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=388>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">936 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">January</span><span class="c2"> 23, 1991, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">L.A. Gear aims Catapult at competitors</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Stuart Elliott</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">MONEY; Pg. 4B</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">274 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> L.A. Gear Inc. is gearing up to introduce a line of shoes intended to catapult the company into the ranks of performance-sneaker leadership.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The high-tech line, called Catapult, features an ''anti-fatigue rebound system'' designed to give the wearer added lift for jumping higher.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Teaser TV ads now airing - by the BBDO Los Angeles agency - call Catapult The Machine. They urge viewers to watch the shoe's launch in an ad to run during Super Bowl XXV on Sunday.<br/>Starring in the launch ad: Karl Malone, power forward for the Utah Jazz basketball team. It ends with a slogan referring to rival shoes as hot air - a dig at sneaker giant </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc.'s best-selling Air line.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''It's directed at certain people, obviously,'' says Sandy Saemann, exec VP of L.A. Gear. Coincidentally, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> also will run a Super Bowl ad to launch a shoe, -the Air 180.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">L.A. Gear became the USA's No. 3 sneakers firm, behind </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and Reebok International Ltd., by marketing fashion-oriented shoes that women loved. But the market turned more performance-oriented, -leaving L.A. Gear at a disadvantage. L.A. Gear surprised Wall Street on Monday with a fourth-quarter loss from selling leftover shoes at reduced prices. The stock fell 2 7/8 Monday, then dropped 1 Tuesday to $ 9 1/2.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">With Catapult, L.A. Gear will have feet in both markets. ''Why can't shoe companies be both?'' Saemann says. ''Ford makes the Explorer, a slick little muscle truck for young men, and makes the Thunderbird for young women.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Catapult will make its debut in a basketball version. Scheduled to follow this year: versions for sports such as tennis, running and cross-training.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">EAR PHOTO; color, AP; PHOTO; b/w<br/>&#160;<br/>CUTLINE: KARL MALONE: Utah Jazz star to help launch Catapult. CUTLINE: IN ACTION: Catapult prepares for liftoff.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Advertising and Marketing</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_388"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=389>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">939 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">April</span><span class="c2"> 26, 1992, Sunday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Fun &amp; Games</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">HERALD NEWS SERVICES</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. F1</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">256 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> DIAMOND JUBILATION How strong have the Toronto Blue Jays been in recent years, even though the club has never gone all the way? Consider this statistic: If the period from 1983 to 1991 had been one endless nine-year season, the Blue Jays would have had an outrageous 37-game lead over the next-best team in the American League.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">GOOD NEWS AND BAD NEWS</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">When he won the Masters, Fred Couples' earnings for the golf season reached $ 1,008,162.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">This made him the sixth player in PGA Tour history to get to the seven-figure mark for a year, but he did it in the shortest amount of time. On the other hand, it has to be a bit deflating for Couples to know his record surge put him just a little ahead of the average major league baseball salary.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">THAT'S SHOE BUSINESS Consumer Reports is out with ratings of 32 brands of running shoes and the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air 180 model was ranked No. 2 for men. "Toe box was like a slipper," said one runner.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">There's one catch to that lofty rating, though. The report notes that </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> No. 2 shoe costs nearly twice as much as the No. 1 rated shoe, Saucony Jazz 3000, and the No. 3 regarded shoe for men, Avia ARC 2040MZ.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">You don't suppose </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> having all those high-priced athletes on the advertising payroll has something to do with that? A ROYAL PAIN Wiseguy of the week award goes to ESPN's Dan Patrick, who broadcast this report about the 1-16 Kansas City Royals: "The Royals have optioned second baseman Terry Shumpert to (triple-A) Omaha," he said, "and that's a promotion."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Ouch.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">April 26, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 CanWest Interactive, a division of<br/>CanWest Global Communications Corp.<br/>All Rights Reserved</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_389"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=390>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">942 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">St. Petersburg Times (Florida)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 3, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">PATRICIA McLAUGHLIN</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">513 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">While Michael, 11, tried on the Air Jordans his parents had promised him for basketball camp, his 8-year-old sister, Kate, fondled the little-girl-sized Reebok Pump from the display. It's her dream shoe, but at $ 80, her parents won't go for it.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">What makes it so cool?<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;"When you push the pump button," she explained, "it makes you, like, run faster, or it makes you, like, jump better. It helps you do aerobics. It feels like air is floating inside of your shoe."</span><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>&#160;<br/></span><span class="c2">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Then, "when you don't want to run real fast or jump, you press the button" and the sneaker deflates.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;How does she know all this if she has never worn a pair?<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;"Everybody knows about them," she said, clearly appalled that I'd had to ask. "Like, it's a popular shoe."<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;One more child hornswoggled by advertising, you might think: but no. Reebok's ads don't claim the Pump which pumps air into bladders in the shoe's lining to create a closer fit makes you run faster or jump higher.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Reebok's John Morgan admits right up front that it doesn't.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;And he's right. Zillions, the kidversion of Consumer Reports, proved it. They heard the same run-faster, jump-higher playground myth and decided to test it out. When they outfitted their kid testers in three kinds of shoes the Reebok Pump, the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air Jordan and the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Quantum Force they found that the kids jumped to exactly the same heights in all three models, and actually ran a little bit slower in the Pumps, which were noticeably heavier than the other two. When the testers were told they could keep the shoes they liked best, nobody chose Pumps.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;According to Morgan, those results may need updating soon. Since Reebok introduced the first Pump, he says, they've streamlined its air-pump technology. The Pump they'll introduce in August, he says, weighs only 15 ounces per shoe, more than five ounces lighter than the model Zillions tested.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;It still won't make you run faster or jump higher. What it does do, Morgan says, is reduce ankle injuries. He says tests at the University of California at Berkeley matched 200 kids in low-tops against 200 kids in regular high-tops and 200 kids in Pumps and found that the Pump cut ankle injuries by 60 percent.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;So where did the run-faster, jump-higher rap come from? Morgan doesn't know, but it doesn't surprise him. Kids, he says, "have a tendency to build stories around shoes." For instance, a black high-top basketball shoe Reebok happened to introduce shortly after the death of University of Maryland basketball star Len Bias came to be known in the Washington, D.C., area as the Len Bias Memorial Shoe. And, on New England playgrounds, the black high-top Pump that the Boston Celtics' Dee Brown wears and that he so effectively called attention to during the NBA All Stars Slam-Dunk Contest last February by pumping and repumping before every try is known as the Deebok.<br/> - Patricia McLaughlin has written for the Philadelphia Inquirer, Washington Post and Rolling Stone magazine.<br/></span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 6, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Times Publishing Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_390"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=391>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">943 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">St. Petersburg Times (Florida)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 3, 1991, Wednesday, City Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Pumped up</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">PATRICIA McLAUGHLIN</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">FLORIDIAN; AFTER A FASHION; Pg. 3D</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">513 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">While Michael, 11, tried on the Air Jordans his parents had promised him for basketball camp, his 8-year-old sister, Kate, fondled the little-girl-sized Reebok Pump from the display. It's her dream shoe, but at $ 80, her parents won't go for it.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">What makes it so cool?<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;"When you push the pump button," she explained, "it makes you, like, run faster, or it makes you, like, jump better. It helps you do aerobics. It feels like air is floating inside of your shoe."</span><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>&#160;<br/></span><span class="c2">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Then, "when you don't want to run real fast or jump, you press the button" and the sneaker deflates.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;How does she know all this if she has never worn a pair?<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;"Everybody knows about them," she said, clearly appalled that I'd had to ask. "Like, it's a popular shoe."<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;One more child hornswoggled by advertising, you might think: but no. Reebok's ads don't claim the Pump which pumps air into bladders in the shoe's lining to create a closer fit makes you run faster or jump higher.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Reebok's John Morgan admits right up front that it doesn't.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;And he's right. Zillions, the kidversion of Consumer Reports, proved it. They heard the same run-faster, jump-higher playground myth and decided to test it out. When they outfitted their kid testers in three kinds of shoes the Reebok Pump, the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air Jordan and the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Quantum Force they found that the kids jumped to exactly the same heights in all three models, and actually ran a little bit slower in the Pumps, which were noticeably heavier than the other two. When the testers were told they could keep the shoes they liked best, nobody chose Pumps.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;According to Morgan, those results may need updating soon. Since Reebok introduced the first Pump, he says, they've streamlined its air-pump technology. The Pump they'll introduce in August, he says, weighs only 15 ounces per shoe, more than five ounces lighter than the model Zillions tested.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;It still won't make you run faster or jump higher. What it does do, Morgan says, is reduce ankle injuries. He says tests at the University of California at Berkeley matched 200 kids in low-tops against 200 kids in regular high-tops and 200 kids in Pumps and found that the Pump cut ankle injuries by 60 percent.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;So where did the run-faster, jump-higher rap come from? Morgan doesn't know, but it doesn't surprise him. Kids, he says, "have a tendency to build stories around shoes." For instance, a black high-top basketball shoe Reebok happened to introduce shortly after the death of University of Maryland basketball star Len Bias came to be known in the Washington, D.C., area as the Len Bias Memorial Shoe. And, on New England playgrounds, the black high-top Pump that the Boston Celtics' Dee Brown wears and that he so effectively called attention to during the NBA All Stars Slam-Dunk Contest last February by pumping and repumping before every try is known as the Deebok.<br/> - Patricia McLaughlin has written for the Philadelphia Inquirer, Washington Post and Rolling Stone magazine.<br/></span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 12, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, Philadelphia Inquirer MICHAEL S. WIRTZ; Child wearing pair of Reeboks jumps</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Times Publishing Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_391"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=392>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">944 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">St. Petersburg Times (Florida)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 3, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">PATRICIA McLAUGHLIN</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">513 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">While Michael, 11, tried on the Air Jordans his parents had promised him for basketball camp, his 8-year-old sister, Kate, fondled the little-girl-sized Reebok Pump from the display. It's her dream shoe, but at $ 80, her parents won't go for it.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">What makes it so cool?<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;"When you push the pump button," she explained, "it makes you, like, run faster, or it makes you, like, jump better. It helps you do aerobics. It feels like air is floating inside of your shoe."</span><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>&#160;<br/></span><span class="c2">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Then, "when you don't want to run real fast or jump, you press the button" and the sneaker deflates.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;How does she know all this if she has never worn a pair?<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;"Everybody knows about them," she said, clearly appalled that I'd had to ask. "Like, it's a popular shoe."<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;One more child hornswoggled by advertising, you might think: but no. Reebok's ads don't claim the Pump which pumps air into bladders in the shoe's lining to create a closer fit makes you run faster or jump higher.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Reebok's John Morgan admits right up front that it doesn't.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;And he's right. Zillions, the kidversion of Consumer Reports, proved it. They heard the same run-faster, jump-higher playground myth and decided to test it out. When they outfitted their kid testers in three kinds of shoes the Reebok Pump, the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air Jordan and the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Quantum Force they found that the kids jumped to exactly the same heights in all three models, and actually ran a little bit slower in the Pumps, which were noticeably heavier than the other two. When the testers were told they could keep the shoes they liked best, nobody chose Pumps.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;According to Morgan, those results may need updating soon. Since Reebok introduced the first Pump, he says, they've streamlined its air-pump technology. The Pump they'll introduce in August, he says, weighs only 15 ounces per shoe, more than five ounces lighter than the model Zillions tested.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;It still won't make you run faster or jump higher. What it does do, Morgan says, is reduce ankle injuries. He says tests at the University of California at Berkeley matched 200 kids in low-tops against 200 kids in regular high-tops and 200 kids in Pumps and found that the Pump cut ankle injuries by 60 percent.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;So where did the run-faster, jump-higher rap come from? Morgan doesn't know, but it doesn't surprise him. Kids, he says, "have a tendency to build stories around shoes." For instance, a black high-top basketball shoe Reebok happened to introduce shortly after the death of University of Maryland basketball star Len Bias came to be known in the Washington, D.C., area as the Len Bias Memorial Shoe. And, on New England playgrounds, the black high-top Pump that the Boston Celtics' Dee Brown wears and that he so effectively called attention to during the NBA All Stars Slam-Dunk Contest last February by pumping and repumping before every try is known as the Deebok.<br/> - Patricia McLaughlin has written for the Philadelphia Inquirer, Washington Post and Rolling Stone magazine.<br/></span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 6, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Times Publishing Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_392"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=393>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">946 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">St. Petersburg Times (Florida)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 3, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">PATRICIA McLAUGHLIN</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">513 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">While Michael, 11, tried on the Air Jordans his parents had promised him for basketball camp, his 8-year-old sister, Kate, fondled the little-girl-sized Reebok Pump from the display. It's her dream shoe, but at $ 80, her parents won't go for it.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">What makes it so cool?<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;"When you push the pump button," she explained, "it makes you, like, run faster, or it makes you, like, jump better. It helps you do aerobics. It feels like air is floating inside of your shoe."</span><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>&#160;<br/></span><span class="c2">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Then, "when you don't want to run real fast or jump, you press the button" and the sneaker deflates.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;How does she know all this if she has never worn a pair?<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;"Everybody knows about them," she said, clearly appalled that I'd had to ask. "Like, it's a popular shoe."<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;One more child hornswoggled by advertising, you might think: but no. Reebok's ads don't claim the Pump which pumps air into bladders in the shoe's lining to create a closer fit makes you run faster or jump higher.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Reebok's John Morgan admits right up front that it doesn't.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;And he's right. Zillions, the kidversion of Consumer Reports, proved it. They heard the same run-faster, jump-higher playground myth and decided to test it out. When they outfitted their kid testers in three kinds of shoes the Reebok Pump, the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Air Jordan and the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Quantum Force they found that the kids jumped to exactly the same heights in all three models, and actually ran a little bit slower in the Pumps, which were noticeably heavier than the other two. When the testers were told they could keep the shoes they liked best, nobody chose Pumps.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;According to Morgan, those results may need updating soon. Since Reebok introduced the first Pump, he says, they've streamlined its air-pump technology. The Pump they'll introduce in August, he says, weighs only 15 ounces per shoe, more than five ounces lighter than the model Zillions tested.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;It still won't make you run faster or jump higher. What it does do, Morgan says, is reduce ankle injuries. He says tests at the University of California at Berkeley matched 200 kids in low-tops against 200 kids in regular high-tops and 200 kids in Pumps and found that the Pump cut ankle injuries by 60 percent.<br/>&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;So where did the run-faster, jump-higher rap come from? Morgan doesn't know, but it doesn't surprise him. Kids, he says, "have a tendency to build stories around shoes." For instance, a black high-top basketball shoe Reebok happened to introduce shortly after the death of University of Maryland basketball star Len Bias came to be known in the Washington, D.C., area as the Len Bias Memorial Shoe. And, on New England playgrounds, the black high-top Pump that the Boston Celtics' Dee Brown wears and that he so effectively called attention to during the NBA All Stars Slam-Dunk Contest last February by pumping and repumping before every try is known as the Deebok.<br/> - Patricia McLaughlin has written for the Philadelphia Inquirer, Washington Post and Rolling Stone magazine.<br/></span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">November 6, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Times Publishing Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_393"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=394>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">948 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">February</span><span class="c2"> 16, 1991, Saturday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">SPORTS BUSINESS: DAVID DAVIDSON; Renovations for Omni would cost $ 3 million-plus</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; SECTION C; PAGE 03</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">717 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Omni president/general manager Bob Dhue, citing competition from the&#160;Lakewood Amphitheater and the impending opening of the Georgia Dome in&#160;1992, has proposed a major renovation of the 18-year-old arena.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In a presentation to the Atlanta-Fulton County Recreation Authority&#160;this week, Dhue outlined improvements and suggested bonds be approved to&#160;finance construction, since The Omni stands on public property. He&#160;emphasized The Omni would be responsible for the debt service and&#160;estimated the cost at between $ 3 million and $ 5 million.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">With recreation authority approval, construction could start as&#160;early as this summer and be complete well before the Georgia Dome opens.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Among the proposals:</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- Convert interior concession stands to box suites, increasing the&#160;number from 12 to 32;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- Knock out segments of the exterior walls and rebuild affected&#160;concession stands;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- Double the restroom area;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">- Widen the concourse.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Dhue said expansion of seating capacity from the current 16,600 was&#160;considered, but it was deemed unnecessary because the average attendance&#160;for 180 to 200 events per year is 11,000.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"To be competitive, we need to update," Dhue said. "The Georgia Dome&#160;people have said they'd like to host college basketball games, SEC, ACC&#160;and NCAA tournaments, and as many as 12 rock concerts per year. Those&#160;aren't new events. We've hosted all those events, so we'd like to be at&#160;speed when the Dome opens."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">BON APPETIT: The Braves haven't wasted any time formulating plans&#160;under new</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">general manager John Schuerholz's orders to improve food quality at&#160;Atlanta-Fulton County Stadium this season. A new food court to be located&#160;along the gates nearest home plate will feature for the first time fried&#160;and grilled chicken, french fries, grilled hamburgers and Italian&#160;sausage. There also will be a Beers of the World stand featuring imports&#160;in addition to the domestics available elsewhere in the stadium. . . .&#160;"Being a Braves fan isn't the toughest thing about living in Atlanta,"&#160;says Ron Snyder, vice president for sports sales and marketing for TBS.&#160;"Selling advertising to Braves games is tougher."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">FOOTING THE BILL: Georgia's Andy Landers was the nation's first&#160;women's basketball coach to get a shoe contract after the Lady Bulldogs&#160;won the NIT in 1981. Previously, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> - acting on a suggestion from men's&#160;basketball coach Hugh Durham - provided Landers's team with 48 pairs of&#160;shoes annually. When Converse offered Landers $ 2,000 plus shoes for the&#160;season following the NIT, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> matched it. Landers now receives over more&#160;than $ 12,000 per year, FROM from </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, including $ 2,000 in merchandise,&#160;from </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, plus shoes for his team. . . . Anheuser-Busch has reached a $ 5&#160;million agreement with the U.S. Olympic Committee to serve as the&#160;organization's exclusive "malt beverage" - not beer - sponsor.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">HIGH ON SPORTS: The High Museum is seeking a $ 125,000 sponsor for&#160;"The Sporting Life," an exhibition of 155 sports images spanning 125&#160;years scheduled for May 16-Sept. 13, 1992. It's the first major exhibit&#160;surveying the relationships between photography, sports and culture in&#160;the U.S., Europe and the Soviet Union. The exhibit also is scheduled for&#160;Springfield, Mass., Wilmington, Del., Buffalo and, tentatively,&#160;Indianapolis.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">BLOCKBUSTER DEALS: "A lot of people thought we were crazy to create&#160;what was then the 19th bowl game," says Richard Giannini, president of&#160;the Raycom Management Group. But the numbers are in and Raycom is&#160;certifiably sane: The Blockbuster Bowl will pay $ 1.6 million each to&#160;Florida State and Penn State, sixth-largest per-team payout this year. It&#160;had the seventh-highest TV rating, beating three New Year's Day games,&#160;and the fourth-largest crowd among all bowls. The crowd also was the&#160;second-largest ever at Joe Robbie Stadium behind the 1989 Super Bowl. . .&#160;. Blockbuster Video CEO Wayne Huizenga recently completed a stock&#160;manuever with Merrill Lynch geared toward raising capital to bring a&#160;major league baseball franchise to the Miami area. If, as Huizenga&#160;expects, Tampa-St. Petersburg and Denver get the two expansion franchises&#160;now up for grabs, he would like to buy the Pittsburgh Pirates - at a&#160;price of $ 100 million to $ 140 million, including as much as $ 50 million in</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">February 10, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_394"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=395>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">950 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Ottawa Citizen</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 26, 1992, Sunday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Bubka casts shadow over Jordan; Pole vaulter's star shines as bright as Dream Team's guiding light</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">BILL UTTERBACK; SCRIPPS HOWARD NEWS SERVICE</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS PLUS; (SPORTS); Pg. D2</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">BARCELONA</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> A press conference featuring Michael Jordan and Sergei Bubka may have amplified global opinion, or at least the global media's opinion, of the athletes' prominence.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jordan and Bubka are part of the Air </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> promotional campaigns which have taken over the top floor of the hotel Torre Catalunya where daily media gatherings monitor the progress of some of their 100-plus U.S. track athletes and 12 or so from many of the other countries.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">There were 39 television cameras in the auditorium, giving the news conference the look of a presidential news conference. Only some of these cameras were from Finland and Austria and Japan.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But Saturday's press conference took place at the Palacio Balana cinema. In front of the theatre a six-metre-long balloon of an Air </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> sneaker sat atop of a parked bus. The theatre marquee that only days before had advertised The Hand that Rocks the Cradle now had huge red letters proclaiming JORDAN-BUBKA.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">When Jordan and Bubka landed in a residential district of Barcelona on Saturday, they confounded the neighbors and the regulars at the Bar Felipe.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">People stared from balconies of 10-storey brick apartment houses, where yellow and red Catalan flags were draped next to laundry. They looked with wonder at the scene below, where a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> bus blared rock 'n' roll and workers handed out hundreds of caps.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The first six questions at the press conference were directed at Bubka. The voices spoke with varied accents. They asked about his health, his training, his goals, his homeland. The reporters were clearly intrigued by the Ukranian pole vaulter.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jordan, the American basketball/marketing superstar, sat quietly and listened. He is the star of "The Dream Team," but he may not be the brightest star in the 1992 Olympic Games.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Bubka has earned his place next to Jordan. Earlier this year, he set the world record at 20 feet, one-half inch. It was his 30th world record, indoors and outdoors. He won the Olympic gold medal in 1988. He has won six world titles.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Bubka is so dominant that he rarely concerns himself with other competitors.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"When I was younger, the other competitors made me go higher . now, my main competition is the height."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Bubka said he has two sources of motivation in Barcelona.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">First, because of the political changes of recent years, he is competing for his native Ukraine instead of the Soviet Union.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"When an athlete wins the gold medal, they must play the anthem of his native country and raise the flag of his native country. For me, it must be Ukraine. That will be very satisfying."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Bubka is also driven by the Olympic stage.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"This is my second Olympics. In Seoul (1988), it was not a very good competition for me. The weather was very bad. The wind was bad. I won the gold medal, but I did not reach the world record. In Barcelona, the weather will be better and it is my dream to win the gold medal and set a world record."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The key to Bubka's success is his athleticism. He long jumps, high jumps and sprints in practice.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"My coach wanted me to move from the pole vault to the decathlon, but I love the pole vault."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Bubka also employs a gymnastics coach.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"There are many elements of gymnastics in the pole vault."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Combine the speed of a sprinter, the burst of a jumper and the body control of a gymnast and the possibilities have Bubka thinking about 20-8 or 21-0.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"(21-0) is possible, but it would be difficult," he said. "But by improving my body and improving my technique, I think it is possible to jump higher."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The only flaw in the plan is a foot injury that forced him to withdraw from a meet earlier this month.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Right now, there is just a little bit of pain."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Falling from a height of 19 or 20 feet, year and year, could break down a man's body. But Bubka feels he is strong enough to persist.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I know people think it will be difficult to keep jumping until I'm 32, but I think I will be jump in Atlanta (in the 1996 Olympics)."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">There is also a financial motivation to keep jumping. The money he earns from endorsements and competition will take care of his family in the future. The political changes in the former Soviet Union have allowed him to bank more of his earnings.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"For many years when I was jumping, I did not make good money. Most of it went to the country. Now I can make some money, but that's not why I jump. I jump for love of sports. Money is second."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Aside from his goals of world records, gold medals and financial security, he has another objective. He has two sons and he wants to get their attention.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"One day they want to play basketball. The next they want to golf. I keep hoping they will try the pole vault. Maybe it will happen some day."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">(Bill Utterback is a sportswriter for The Pittsburgh Press.)</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">(With files from the Canadian Press and Southam News)</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">July 27, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">808 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><br/><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC:</span><span class="c2">&#160;AP photo/ Michael Jordan wasn't the star attraction<br/>Reuter photo/ Ukrainian Sergei Bubka has broken the world record in pole vault a record 30 times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 CanWest Interactive, a division of<br/>CanWest Global Communications Corp.<br/>All Rights Reserved</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_395"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=396>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">951 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Newsweek</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">August</span><span class="c2"> 10, 1992 , UNITED STATES EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">The Money Games</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">BY FRANK DEFORD</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">OLYMPICS; Summer Olympics 92; Pg. 18</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">1321 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">HIGHLIGHT: </span><span class="c2">Barcelona was a great show, lacking only a villain. The sponsors smiled.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">All in all, we see now that there was a place for Communism in this world, and it was at the Olympics.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">So, for two lousy weeks, couldn't we at least revive Communism, make it another official Worldwide Olympic Sponsor and get the juices flowing here again?  But no, we've traded a wonderful dramatic conflict between Good and Evil, Capitalism and Socialism, for what?  For </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> vs. Reebok.  That's for what.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The best we can do for a villain is Charles Barkley and maybe some heady little Chinese children.  (A billion Chinese may wonder when Communism ever left, but hey, we're talking about television here.) The whole earth's economy is going to hell, and the only issue in Barcelona is how rich is the International Olympic Committee getting.  The most popular </span><span class="c17">competition</span><span class="c2"> in tow is to watch the Dream Tam pick wings off flies.  For the first time since '72, there aren't any boycotts.  Even South Africa is back.  Even Castro dropped in.  This Olympics is so fat and happy, the Klingons could get in team handball.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Oh, to be sure, there are always a few nit-pickers in any crowd that is only allowed to use Visa cards.  Spoilsports.  Speaking more or less on behalf of Juan Antonio Samaranch, the hometown Barcelona boy who is president </span><span class="c17">pro</span><span class="c2"> eternity of The Games, Barkley -- El Gordo, The Fat One -- answered Olympic critics thusly one day: "Why don't they take their ass-whipping-like people and go home?"</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Why indeed not?  Well, as much as the Dream Teamers may seem to NBC to be like those starlets who make folks happy by removing their tops at the Cannes Film Festival, others see the NBA heroes as representative of all that is rotten with the Kodak Olympics.  "They may be your Dream Team," said Mike Moran of the U.S. Olympic Committee, "but they're my nightmare." Where is the old Olympic spirit?  What became of yesteryear's noble amateurs?  Why can't these multimillionaires live in the Bausch &amp; Lomb Olympic Village instead of their fancy "</span><span class="c17">palacio</span><span class="c2"> hotel" and learn love and fellowship there?  Well, answered Dreamer John Stockton: "the Olympic spirit to me is to beat your opponents, not live with them."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">And so the Dreamers outscored Angola 46-1 over one stretch, winning 116-48, and next coasted over Croatia, its most formidable opponent, 103-70, and then whipped Germany and Brazil by other similar scores that read like what happens to a stock when the market crashes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Magic Johnson, </span><span class="c17">Magia,</span><span class="c2"> was magnificent.  He said all the right things and did all the best things.  He was like Olga Korbut and Jesse Owens and Eleanor Holm and Jim Thorpe all rolled into one.  It was telling.  He strained his right knee early in the Croatian game and missed the balance of that game and all of the next two.  And although this left America without a point guard, the wheel kept right on turning.  In fact, the first 15 minutes of the German game was quite possibly the most surgically brilliant exhibition of team sport ever put on display.  But somehow it was different without Earvin Johnson.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The fans understood that.  Barkley was the heavy, and the other Dreamers were admired artists.  Yet from the moment the great team arrived, Magic was the only one who really connected with the people.  The NBA's critics couldn't see past that irony, that for all the obvious gross excess of Team Dream, when No. 15 was on the court, only then did The Games come closest to the exuberant joy that we always hope they will be.  Then they truly have been the Magic Olympics; it's the rest of the time they've been only the Philips Olympics or the 3M Olympics.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Michael Jordan was representative in his own way, too.  Ever since Peter Ueberroth instructed the IOC in how to obtain strength through sponsorship, everything at the Time/Sports Illustrated Olympics has been up for sale.  Reebok bought the rights to the United State's victory uniforms.  Jordan then declared his allegiance to </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, saying he would not go to the victory stand if forced to be garbed in the hated Reebok attire.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The USOC countered with an ultimatum forcing all American winners to dress properly Reebokian, which was just as well with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> officials, who had, privately, cringed that Jordan could have been so obtuse.  But the company is such a huge international sporting power that soon it found itself mired in another money mess.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Michael Johnson, the odds-on favorite to win the 200-meter gold, did not even try to qualify in the 400.  Johnson remains, however, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> biggest U.S. star, and when Mel Rosen, the U.S.-team coach, and long on the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> payroll, suddenly named Johnson to the four-by-400-meter relay team, suspicions were everywhere voiced that </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> man Rosen had been pressured by </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> to put the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> star -- and </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> track shoes -- in another event.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Although Steve Miller, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> "athletic director," lustily denied any such allegations, the other 400 runners had a mean screaming match with coach Rosen.  Worse, those American track-team members who don't enjoy dual citizenship with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> were then furious to find Michael Johnson </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> T shirts distributed by the USOC itself to everyone on the team.  Steve Lewis, Johnson's relay </span><span class="c17">teammate,</span><span class="c2"> threw his gift shirt on the floor, screaming: "Shoot, I'd rather put Homey the Clown on my shirt than Michael Johnson."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">This is the kind of stuff that becomes important at the Olympics after nationalism, terrorism and Communism cease to matter.  And, says Steve Miller of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">: "I think it'll get worse before it gets better." Money will do this to the Panasonic Olympics.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Money has not, of course, been de facto evil for The Games.  But Barcelona shows all the more how, even, a split-level Olympics has emerged, with the few glamour sports getting all the attention and all the dough, while the other sports go begging.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Then, too, nobody has the foggiest idea where all that money goes.  The Atlanta Journal and Constitution, struggling manfully to find out what its city was getting in bed with for the next four years, finally gave up and designed a computer analysis to seek some inkling of Olympic finances.  The computer estimates $ 2.4 billion revenue in this Olympiad, $ 3 billion the next.  Hundreds of millions are left over somewhere after The Games are put on.  Samaranch loves to refer to the Olympics, grandly, as a "movement," but what it surely is is the most powerful and unaccountable private organization to have existed since the Roman church on the day before Luther tacked up some of his thoughts at Wittenberg.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Samaranch, 72, just had his arm twisted to seek another term as president -- although he expects to be called His Excellency.  He is a schooled politician, who co-opts any internal opposition -- most recently, say, from the likes of the heads of the track and skating federations --- by railroading them onto the IOC and smothering them thereafter.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">As the first week at Barcelona showed, Samaranch is absolutely in the saddle, and the American presence is everywhere declining.  As recently as 1968, 20 percent of medals went to Americans.  By Seoul it was 13 percent, and the gold diffusion should continue here.  Money from Western corporations is flowing in to help the athletes in former Soviet-bloc countries.  Even poorer countries have increased funding for training.  That's not bad.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Once, not so long ago, the Olympics were a model for the battle of military superpowers.  Today, for all the emphasis on money in the United States Postal Service Olympics, it's only appropriate that The Games seem to pattern themselves after the economic world, with the United States only first among equals.  Still, for all that historical symmetry, it'd be more fun if Fortress America yet had The Evil Empire left to try and beat on the Coca-Cola Olympic field of play.<br/>&#160;<br/>BASKETBALL<br/>The Dream Team took no prisoners.  In the first four games, the average margin for the U.S. was 47 points.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Photo 1, Jordan soars and scores; Photo 2, The Dream Team's bad-boy Barkley leans on an Angolan opponent; Photos 1 and 2, BY JOHN McDERMOTT</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Newsweek</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_396"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=397>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">953 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 10, 1992, Friday, Late Edition - Final<br/>Correction Appended</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">THE MEDIA BUSINESS: ADVERTISING;<br/>CBS Knows Bo Knows Its Viewers</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Stuart Elliott</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section D; Page 9; Column 1; Financial Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">792 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">BO knew football, alas. Bo has known baseball, and vows to know it again. And, of course, Bo knows advertising. Now, CBS is audaciously trying to convince viewers that Bo also knows enough about television to serve as a sort of critic.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Bo Knows Shows" is the theme of what CBS executives say is their first on-the-air promotional campaign featuring a celebrity spokesman who endorses the network's programming. The campaign, which will be introduced with teaser commercials tomorrow, stars Bo Jackson, the professional athlete who has been sidelined in his dual-sport career by a serious hip injury.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The commercials, which will run on CBS through the fall, will begin in earnest on Tuesday, during CBS's telecast of the 1992 baseball All-Star Game. They are the latest in a flock of ads from the television networks to sell their series in the same manner that television advertisers sell soup, soap and soft drinks.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">CBS, which during the 1991-92 season leaped from third to first place in prime-time ratings, has been the most aggressive in adapting the tactics of packaged-goods marketing to broadcasting.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Part of what we're selling is not CBS, but an attitude of leadership," George F. Schweitzer, senior vice president of CBS marketing and communications, said yesterday during an interview at CBS's headquarters in midtown Manhattan. "And promotion plays a big role in that."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He added: "We have a saying, 'You are what you air.' People watch programs, not networks. But networks do have personalities."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Joseph Abruzzese, senior vice president of network sales, said the campaign would enable CBS to tap into consumers' avid interest in Mr. Jackson's comeback attempts.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"People want to see him succeed," he said. And in advertising and media, as in sports, nothing succeeds like success.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In its humorous tone and fast-paced style, the CBS campaign is evocative of, and derived from, Mr. Jackson's award-winning "Bo Knows" advertising for </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., created by Wieden &amp; Kennedy in Portland, Ore. CBS sought, and received, the blessings of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and Wieden to follow in their footsteps; they even lent CBS Joe Pytka, the director of many of </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> best-known spots. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and Wieden also approved a commercial in the "Bo Knows" style, starring Mr. Jackson, that Ogilvy &amp; Mather Direct in New York created in 1990 for A.T.&amp; T.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Such authorized homages are a shrewd strategy, according to Brian T. Murphy, editor and publisher of The Sports Marketing Letter in Westport, Conn.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has a big investment in Bo," he said, "so they have a real interest in trying to get value out of that relationship."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mr. Murphy believes Mr. Jackson is "still a star" in terms of endorsements, despite his inactivity.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"The potential is still there," he added. "And one thing that must be remembered is that if he makes a comeback, and he excels, that would be one of the greatest comeback stories in the history of sports.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"And that would make him torridly hot."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Torrid was an apt word for Mr. Jackson's ad career, which had soared since he appeared in his first "Bo knows" </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> commercial in 1989. He then divided his ad work between </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and other marketers like A.T.&amp; T. and Pepsi-Cola.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">After Mr. Jackson was injured playing football for the Los Angeles Raiders last year, there was speculation that his career as an endorser would be over. Instead, he has remained in the spotlight, in large part because of a hilarious </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> commercial last summer about his rehabilitation regimen to recover from his injury.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">That premise is also used by CBS. If Mr. Jackson is not playing sports, what is he doing? Working out in a bid to return to the Chicago White Sox -- and watching television.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"It'll be quite a while before Bo can hit or run or field like he used to," Mr. Jackson says in a teaser spot, using his characteristic third-person references to himself.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Holding up a sign that says, "Watch the All-Star Game on CBS," he adds, "But Bo can still pitch."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The funniest of the spots shows Mr. Jackson in his training room, doing one-armed push-ups as "60 Minutes" plays on a giant television set.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Bo loves working out during '60 Minutes,' " he says. "When the show's over, Bo knows it's time to do push-ups with his other arm."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The arrangement between CBS and </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> to use Mr. Jackson has no quid pro quo involving advertising, Mr. Abruzzese said, adding that CBS "already has a big share of their sports advertising."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Indeed, Mr. Jackson's CBS spots will share air time during the All-Star Game with Wieden's latest "Bo Knows" commercial for </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span><span class="c2"> Called "Bo's Hip," it will contrast his active life with that of a typical viewer.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"What are you and your good hip doing right now?" the spot asks. The answer: "Watching commercials."</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">July 10, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">CORRECTION-DATE: </span><span class="c2">July 13, 1992, Monday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9"> CORRECTION:<br/></span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A picture caption with the Advertising column in Business Day on Friday about the new CBS promotion "Bo Knows Shows," referred to it incorrectly. It involves television commercials, not a television show.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Photo: The logo for Bo Jackson's new television show on CBS. (CBS)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_397"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=398>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">956 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">September</span><span class="c2"> 21, 1991, Saturday, 1* EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> Town is retail theatre U.S.A.: A running start: </span><span class="c8">NIKE:</span><span class="c7"> store aimed at middle and upper-income campers</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">DAVID SMITH VANSUN</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS; Pg. C1</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">1722 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">Portland, Ore.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">There's the rhythmic thump of a basketball on a gym floor and the whack . . . whack . . . whack of a tennis match. Tropical fish glide behind a clear wall while, elsewhere, a tennis racket personally ruined by John McEnroe is displayed.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Then, of course, the shoes. Running shoes. Tennis shoes. Basketball shoes. Golf shoes. Hiking shoes. Wrestling shoes. Soccer shoes. Shoes that bristle with static energy, shoes that gleam under spotlights, flanked by racks of lycra clothing in neon and black.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sounds, sights - and products.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Just Do It.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">This is </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town, America's new kid on the retailing block that blends '70s Disco decor, straight-up '80s consumerism with '90s marketing savvy into a virtual reality shopping experience aimed at people with bucks who like to hum when they cruise the aisles.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sounds, images, colors and computers converge here in a store devoted exclusively to sports and an atmosphere that puts the shopper in the starting block, on the 14th tee or slam-dunking with the scoreboard showing 112-111.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Or reaching for their wallets and purses.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Just Do It.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"A lot of people do like to shop and when they shop, atmosphere is important," says store manager Mary Burns, a mid-Westerner with a strong merchandising resume.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Nearby, Tom and Donna Sunderland, up from Stockton, Calif., flip through the racks, their tanned faces glowing at the goods.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"This store," says Tom, "is just the greatest."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Adds Donna: "I felt like jogging after being in here for only a few seconds. It really pumps you up."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town, opened last November by </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., is retail theatre, one of those things only the U.S. of A. would do, or want to do - meaning it's risky and expensive.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But doubts that the entire exercise is just a doomed, dippy marketing balloon dissolve, somewhat, when Burns pulls out some figures.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">On a recent Saturday in August, 5,000 people went through the store. It has a capacity for 350 shoppers.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">She calculates </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town draws at least 30,000 customers a week, or about 150,000 people a month.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It opened Nov. 21, so let's say 1.5 million people to date have trooped through Town.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">That's 1.5 million through a store that is only 4,570 square metres (15,000 square feet).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Lineups to get in here are not uncommon and the store has become a major tourist attraction for the city.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"It's finally put Portland on the map," declares Sandy Macomber, librarian at the Oregonian newspaper a few blocks away.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Yesssssss!</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">*</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. was founded by Phil Knight (a middle distance runner) and Bill Bowerman (his coach). It is the biggest sports and fitness company in the U.S. with net profits in 1989 reaching $ 167 million. They've sold five million pairs of Air Pegasus, a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> running shoe, alone.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc.'s world headquarters were established in the nearby Portland suburb of Beaverton in 1979. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> (rhymes with Mikey) is the Greek goddess of victory. The Swoosh curve in the trademark was designed by a Portland State University student.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jimmie Connors won the Wimbledon and the U.S. Open wearing </span><span class="c4">Nikes</span><span class="c2">. In 1983, Jean Benoit shattered the women's world marathon time wearing </span><span class="c4">Nikes</span><span class="c2">. Chicago Bulls superstar Michael Jordan made them a cult shoe.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, it follows, treats sports and shoes very, very seriously.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"A couple of years ago </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> decided that it wanted to build a store that would represent their collections or their sports categories the way they designed and developed them," says Burns.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">From the concept emerged the town - resist the temptation to call it Smelly Runnerville - a two-storey, 4,570-square-metre store in downtown Portland. For Lower Mainlanders, it is about a seven-hour drive south down the I-5.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The idea of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town was to merchandise footwear, apparel and accessories - 95 per cent of what is in the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> catalogue is on display in the store - not just to consumers, but to retailers as well.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town, Burns said, was supposed to be fun and so unique in retail, "that it was more than just a store."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">More than just a store.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Let's say you want to buy a wet suit for sailboarding. At </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town you stroll to the Aqua Gear pavilion, the name for each area selling a different sports product.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Here, you see the tropical fish. At your feet, a multi-screen image - on the floor! you can walk on it! - depicts scenes of rippling water. The background music is the sound of rushing water, virtually real. You can hear the water, if not the cash register.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"The uniqueness of the atmos-phere of each sports category is felt when you walk in," says Burns.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The products sit on a surfboard shelf. The salesperson will be a sailboarder, dressed in sports gear, who will push a few IBM computer buttons to check the inventory and order your purchase, which is delivered smoothly via large acrylic tubes from the basement.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">There is no disappearing act by the salesman to find the goods. They remain with the customer, discussing the product, signing them up for the next sailboarding competition or just chatting about the latest sports scores. It's called schmoozing.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">*</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Gordon Thompson was hired by </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. as creative director of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town. For inspiration, he visited the stage set of the movie Back to the Future, which based a lot of its action around a town square. He'd also visited many older European towns. Ditto, town squares.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Thus, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town includes maybe a dozen pavilions linked by a common area, an elevator and a catwalk. A two-storey town was born. The entrance and passageway lighting was kept Nightclub Dark, with each pavilion becoming an oasis of bright lights, a palette of color and products - moving the shopper from dark to light. Get it?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In addition to the merchandise, the layout and the sound track, a museum element was introduced to entice shoppers.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">They can gaze at a basketball signed by Michael Jordan or Nolan "Tex" Ryan's shoes and hat. Sports heros like Bo Jackson or the Portland Blazers visit the store to autograph equipment or offer advice, all adding to the sports aura, all bringing shoppers through the door.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Developing </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town as an "event" rather than a retail centre carried the risk that people will look, rather than buy. It was a risk that </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, competing with the likes of Adidas, Reeboks, LA Gear and Brooks, could accept.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Says Burns: "We didn't know on day one when we opened if there would be a line of people at the door. We didn't know if people would find it interesting. But the first two weeks we had lines a block long to get in the store. We couldn't get everybody in.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Right now I would say that every Sunday morning now, there are at least 70 people outside the front door, waiting to get in. It's amazing. We are a tourist attraction, people bring their cameras to take pictures."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> won't release any sales or dollar figures, but Burns says, "we are definitely meeting our expectations in that area."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">One indication that </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town is approaching black ink came when the company announced it will open another </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town in Chicago, a 50,000-square-foot store, next May and plans additional </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Towns for New York and Europe.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Less enthusiastic about such retail theatre is Toronto retailing analyst John Winter.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"You have to realize that the sports shoe market has become very competitive. If </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> can get an edge by selling through an attractive outlet. That's fine. If you can get an edge, it's fine for a year or two. Concept retailers have a very short shelf life.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"There's a lot of distractions, from salesgirls wearing shorts to music and atmosphere and all that. They all detract from the fact that it's $ 150 US you're paying for shoes made in the Phillipines by someone paid 75 cents an hour.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"But it's merchandising. Brilliant merchandising."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">*</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town is also aimed at retailers who visit the store to draw ideas from the racking, the presentation and the concept they can then apply to their own stores.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> doesn't advertise </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town, relying on word-of-mouth and media stories to do the rest after it trumpeted the official opening.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"The main reason is other retailers sell </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> products too and our intention is not to compete with them but to help and enhance the business totally. If Footlocker or Nordstrom wants to run the same product we have at 20 (per cent) off, that's good, that's okay, that's their business. We're here just to enhance what </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is all about," says Burns.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Is this the wave of the future? Well, it's a combination of design and merchandising, but also service. We've heard that over and over again. We went from a very service-oriented retail environment many years ago to self- service to 'wait a minute, people still really want service' especially with price points and technical products, they deserve to know why this costs what it costs and in order to do that, you have to service the customer."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Make no mistake, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town is aimed squarely at middle and upper-income campers who don't flinch at a $ 360 US price tag for a Goretex running suit or at $ 225 US Air Super Dome AC6 hiking boots or $ 150 US Air Force 180 basketball runners.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> continues to operate a factory outlet seven kilometres away from </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town, where prices are 20 to 30 per cent lower.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town, says Burns, is for the customer, "who wants the atmosphere, wants the design and wants to be able to say, 'I bought it at </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town.' "</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Heather Shannon, director of retailing for Ernst Young in Vancouver, observes that </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town typifies the polarization of retail stores in North America into either discount, bare bones-type stores or high end, service-oriented, experience-oriented outlets.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"It fits in well with that as an over-all trend," Shannon said. "And as far as demographics are concerned, people are demanding more from retailers and expecting more. As we age we get crankier and more demanding."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">*</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">If you buy it at </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town, you may buy it from Ethan Egan, a twentysomething salesman and former Nordstrom salesman who jumped at the chance to work at </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I went to </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> classes in product knowledge before the store opened so we were all primed for opening day," says Egan, who pointed out the store's features during a stroll through each pavilion.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He jogs and plays soccer, skills that he uses daily in talking to customers. "I love it here," he says.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><br/><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC:</span><span class="c2">&#160;CONCEPT RETAILERS: 'There's lots of distractions'<br/>PUMPED UP: Sounds, images, colors converge in total-sports store</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> running shoe</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 CanWest Interactive, a division of<br/>CanWest Global Communications Corp.<br/>All Rights Reserved</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_398"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=399>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">958 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">August</span><span class="c2"> 6, 1992, Thursday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Market Place;<br/>Athletic Shoes Without the Fads</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By Stephanie Strom</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section D; Page 8; Column 3; Financial Desk</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">859 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">WHILE the rest of the world is watching the Olympics, Steven Nichols has his sights on the United States Open tennis tournament later this summer.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">As president and chief executive of K-Swiss Inc., maker of classic white-on-white leather tennis shoes favored by preppies and college freshmen, Mr. Nichols is sitting the Olympics out, determined not to stage a footwear industry version of the basketball game between the United States Dream Team and Angola.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "We'll probably sell twice as many shoes in our booth at the U.S. Open as either </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> or Reebok," Mr. Nichols said. "That's our territory. That's what we're good at."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">K-Swiss is a company known for sticking to its knitting. Between 1966, when the company was founded by Swiss brothers who were World Cup skiers, and 1987, K-Swiss made only that classic white tennis shoe, crafted from three pieces of leather, metal rings for lacing and a heavy, durable rubber sole.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Although Mr. Nichols has been introducing canvas shoes, children's shoes, and shoes for walking, hiking and basketball since he and some investors bought K-Swiss in a leveraged buyout in 1987, it has never developed the sexy image cultivated by most growth companies hyped by Wall Street.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Even its double-digit increases in earnings fail to impress the analysts, who use </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and Reebok as yardsticks. "Over all, they're up about 18 percent in the second quarter," said Gary M. Jacobson, a footwear analyst at Kidder, Peabody. "That's O.K., but it's not anything to get excited about."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In comparison, he noted, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> second-quarter profits rose 20 percent. K-Swiss closed yesterday at $18.00, down 75 cents, in over-the-counter trading. Its price-earnings ratio is about 12; </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> is about 17.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">While most analysts expect K-Swiss to earn about $1.50 a share this year, a 12 percent increase over last year, much of the gain will come from a more favorable tax rate and lower interest payments. The company's minuscule size in comparison to a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> or an L.A. Gear can present problems in its dealing with overseas factories, which may produce for all three companies.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">K-Swiss's relative lack of clout with its suppliers, in fact, has hampered distribution recently, according to analysts.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"At a slightly lower price, this is an attractive growth company," said Alice A. Ruth, a footwear analyst with Montgomery Securities. "But they're small, and that has great disadvantages in this business."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The comparisons are frustrating to Mr. Nichols. With an advertising and promotional budget this year that is less than one-tenth the size of </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> and one-twentieth that of Reebok, K-Swiss does not even try to contend with the industry's Goliaths. Together the two shoe giants control more than 50 percent of the $5.5 billion-plus domestic market for athletic shoes; K-Swiss has about 1.7 percent.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Instead, the company's sit-it-out strategy is a textbook example of niche marketing.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"The world doesn't need another </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> or Reebok," Mr. Nichols said. "It has two spectacular ones already."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">K-Swiss deliberately aims at the blue-blooded end of the athletic shoe market, leaving </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and Reebok to contend for the huge -- and fickle -- teen-age and fashion set. K-Swiss's Surf and Turf nautical shoe, a canvas version of its classic leather tennis shoe that sells for about $35, was the official shoe for the America's Cup this year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Its first television advertising was shot in gritty black-and-white film with arias from "Madame Butterfly" as background music. And at $75 and $85 a pair its Si-18 tennis shoe is a best seller, thanks in part to tennis-playing matrons in places like Greenwich, Conn.; La Jolla, Calif., and Chicago's North Shore. "If it's upscale and snooty, that's just where we want to be," Mr. Nichols said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">While the company's refusal to get into high-tech, neon-encrusted athletic shoes frustrates many analysts, it protects K-Swiss and its retailers from the vicissitudes of fashion. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and Reebok change styles every few months, dictating demand by building in obsolescence.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">That strategy means retailers may have to cut prices on old inventory, which puts pressure on their profit margins. K-Swiss's shoes rarely change, which, Mr. Nichols contends, means shoppers and retailers get a better value because K-Swiss prices are rarely marked down. A pair of men's Classics sells for about $55.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Every once in a while we'll miss a little trend like neon or buckles and Velcro on the uppers," he concedes. "But our retailers know there's not a new innovation coming down the pike that is going to make their inventory worthless."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Eschewing fashion also means a smoother manufacturing cycle. In the first month of production of a newly designed shoe, about 25 percent of the output is defective, Mr. Nichols said. It takes about three months for a factory to get the process right.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sales of K-Swiss shoes abroad grew 57 percent last year, and Mr. Nichols sees good growth opportunities in Europe and Japan, where the Classic has become a best seller.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We're putting down stakes in territory we can be very good on," Mr. Nichols said. "Someday, we'll have a stake at the Olympics, too."</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">August 6, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_399"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=400>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">961 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">June</span><span class="c2"> 2, 1991, Sunday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">A good role model isn't perfect; Black kids need more than big stars</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">PERSPECTIVE; SECTION G; PAGE 01</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">924 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Reprinted from The Economist, a magazine published by Economist&#160;Newspaper Ltd. of London.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">New York, it was once said, has Jews, Italians and Irish, so New&#160;York is manic, brassy and exciting. Chicago has Poles, Croats and&#160;Slovaks, so Chicago is sullen, defeated and oppressed.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But that was before Eastern Europe won its freedom; and before&#160;Michael Jordan, too.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jordan, 28, is the City of Broad Shoulders' latest hero. Even in the&#160;intense, slightly unbelievable athleticism of professional basketball, he&#160;does things that make you gasp.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Many knowledgeable judges reckon he is the most thrilling player&#160;ever to grace the court. George Will, a conservative columnist, has&#160;suggested, tongue only half in cheek, that (along with such luminaries as&#160;Frank Lloyd Wright and Aaron Copland) Jordan's face should grace high-&#160;denomination bank notes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In previous years, Jordan has had to play on a Chicago Bulls team&#160;that collapsed when the going got tough - and in the National Basketball&#160;Association's playoffs, the going gets very tough indeed.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">This year, however, the Bulls have swept all before them. Last week&#160;they completed a four-game rout of the Detroit Pistons - champions the&#160;past two years - in the NBA semifinals. This week they will play for the&#160;championship. Winning a championship ring would be the culmination of&#160;Jordan's career.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Professional basketball, more than any other American sport, is&#160;dominated by blacks. Since to play professional basketball at all you&#160;need great discipline, and to play it at Jordan's level you need&#160;extraordinary flair and imagination, it is hardly surprising that the&#160;great search for "role models" for black children should have fastened on&#160;the Bulls' star. Since Jordan is intelligent and articulate, notable for&#160;good sportsmanship and devoted to charitable work (though without ever&#160;seeming cloyingly goody-goody about it), he is an obvious choice.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">There is, however, a catch - two catches, actually. The first is&#160;Jordan's association with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, America's leading maker of sneakers.&#160;Jordan has been endorsing </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> products since 1984: The Air Jordan shoe&#160;is </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> best-selling line. He is not alone; other black heroes, like&#160;filmmaker Spike Lee and John Thompson, the basketball coach at Georgetown&#160;University, also endorse </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> products.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">What is wrong with that? According to Jesse Jackson, black America's&#160;most popular politician and a basketball fan, a lot. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, he argues, is&#160;promoting an "ethos of mindless materialism" by encouraging black&#160;children to buy sneakers (the latest Air Jordans cost $ 125) that they&#160;cannot afford. That sounds like killjoyism taken to the limit, but&#160;Jackson has a point.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It is not as if inner-city children buy just one pair of sneakers;&#160;the pressure from the street is to keep up with the latest fashions. Some&#160;youngsters own as many as 50 pairs of sneakers; one 14-year-old boy told&#160;The Washington Post that he spent $ 2,000 a year on shoes.; Sneakers used as lure</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">You do not need to be a genius to work out one of the most likely&#160;ways in which some inner-city youngsters come by such sums: It is by&#160;selling drugs. Some drug dealers use sneakers as a way of recruiting&#160;youngsters to their gangs; some gangs identify themselves by the sneakers&#160;they wear, or accept stolen sneakers as payment for drugs. There have&#160;even been incidents in which people have been murdered for their high-&#160;fashion basketball shoes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, to be fair, makes sure that its role-model endorsers like&#160;Jordan appear in advertisements warning kids off drugs and encouraging&#160;them to stay in school. But Jackson is entitled to wonder whether those&#160;messages are as strong as the ones coming from the street.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The bigger catch is in the very idea of role models. Behind the&#160;search for role models lies the assumption that only great men such as&#160;Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., Malcolm X or Jordan himself are worthy of&#160;emulation. When those idols are found to have feet of clay - and everyone&#160;who draws breath does - the pain of disenchantment can be profound.; Parents best role models</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jordan knows the pressure that role-modeling puts on him: "I'm not a&#160;perfect person," he has said. He agrees with Charles Barkley, another NBA&#160;star, that the most useful role models for children are not heroes like&#160;himself but their parents.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">There is another drawback to role models. The majority of children&#160;have no chance of fame on the basketball court, or anywhere else. The&#160;veneration of sportsmen subtly denigrates more mundane but realistic&#160;goals - like getting a steady job.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">What blacks need is not supermen but economic opportunity; and, as&#160;two recent sets of studies by the Brookings Institution and the Urban&#160;Institute have shown (as if the point needed laboring), anyone who thinks&#160;that they have such opportunity in the same measure as whites is deluding&#160;himself.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">None of this should be taken as an excuse to denigrate Jordan's&#160;talent. But it is a shame that America's obsession with sports means that&#160;his kind of talent is celebrated more than that of other men and women.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">As the city prepared for the NBA Finals, Chicago magazine ran an&#160;article on Cyrus Colter, who in his long life has been one of Chicago's&#160;leading black lawyers, academics and public servants, and who, when most&#160;men would have put on the slippers, took to writing award-winning novels,&#160;short stories and poems. His has been an extraordinary tale; it is&#160;probably known to fewer than 1 percent of the young blacks who worship&#160;Michael Jordan.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">February 10, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Color photo: Chicago Bulls' Michael Jordan goes for the basket / file</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_400"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=401>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">963 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Toronto Star</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">February</span><span class="c2"> 13, 1991, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Bo knows he's a hit with kids</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">AP</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. C6</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">370 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">PORTLAND, Ore.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;</span><span class="c2">PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) - Baseball and football star Bo Jackson delighted a group of high school journalists yesterday stories about his rise to fame and comments on his career.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jackson held a news conference for the students at </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town, the new shoe store opened last fall by </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., one of Jackson's advertising employers.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jackson continually spoke with wonder about how a poor boy from rural Alabama could grow up and become a rich, famous man. "A nappy-headed kid who threw rocks better than some people could shoot a gun," is how Jackson described himself then, and a family man who loves children is how he sees himself now.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">A charmer</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">With two of his own children watching from a balcony above, Jackson charmed the group with an easy demeanor - a contrast to his sometimes shy and surly dealings with professional media.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jackson walked in to </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Town wearing an earring and a sweatsuit. As soon as he started joking about the "nice, sunny city of Portland," he put the students at ease.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">When asked to introduce his family, Jackson said his oldest son was nicknamed "Spud," his younger son was "a human tornado," and his infant daughter decided herself not to fly to Portland because of an ear infection.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jackson's humor continually broke through a deadpan delivery and a grave expression. A student asked what Jackson wanted to be remembered for, and the response was a furrowed brow, a glare and a mock-serious:</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Am I going anywhere I should know about?"</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Some of the questions were facile:</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Which is Jackson's favorite TV commercial?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"The last one I did, the multisport Jackson. They wedged me in that sports car, and it took three people to pull me out. The Indy 500 is not in my future."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Some were serious:</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">What about the use of steroids in sports?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I don't know anything about that. I would not know what a steroid is if you came up here and smacked me in the face with it. Go ask (sprinter) Ben Johnson about that. Bo don't know steroids."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Enjoys his work</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">And some were obvious:</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Which sport do you enjoy more, football or baseball?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"You wouldn't believe how many times I've been asked that. I enjoy my work as far as the business aspect goes. It's my job."</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">May 13, 1999</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_401"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=402>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">965 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The New York Times</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">August</span><span class="c2"> 11, 1991, Sunday, Late Edition - Final</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Flashy New Swimwear for Feet as Well as Bodies</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By DEBORAH HOFMANN</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Section 1; Part 2; Page 50; Column 1; Style Desk; Fashion Page</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">498 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">In recent summers, men have headed to the beach clad in snug bikini trunks, feet bare or shod in loose-fitting flip-flops. But in the summer of 1991, snug trunks are outnumbered by loose-fitting briefs. And it's the new beach shoes of choice that are worn snug.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> Aqua Gear collection of coordinated swimwear and water sport shoes has kept fashion and sales pace with the increased popularity of sports like wind surfing and wave running (the latter refers to riding a water vehicle that looks like a snowmobile). These sports call for steady footing and, of course, the pulled-together bearing that matching shorts and shoes imply.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> Aqua Socks, actually slip-on shoes, consist of neoprene soles with treads, built-in arch support and reinforced toes and molded heels, with ankle-high uppers of an airy spandex mesh in flashy neon colors.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">This summer, they're not worn just by the sports-minded.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Aqua Socks protect feet from hot sand, sharp shells and glass, and give traction on mucky lake bottoms and slippery rocks. In Central Park, they're worn by young men scaling the outcroppings on mountain bikes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">They have caught on at health clubs, especially in aqua aerobics classes, and in locker rooms, to prevent foot infections. And they're comfortable. A man in a business suit was recently spotted wearing a pair while walking along Park Avenue.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I am constantly sold out," Robert Ottofaro, owner of Panda Sport, 311 77th Street in the Bay Ridge section of Brooklyn, said of Aqua Socks. "The foot can't breathe in most activewear shoes," he said, adding that "your feet do not get fatigued, as in flip-flops, where there is no support."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Baby Aqua Socks, in sizes 2 through 8, and youth and junior sizes are $25; adult Aqua Socks are $29; Aqua Socks, Too -- with a Velcro closure over the instep for extra support -- are $35. All come in vivid color combinations that complement </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> equally colorful Aqua Shorts, in wave-textured nylon taffeta, $36. A Du Pont Coolmax liner wicks away perspiration, and mesh pockets allow drainage. Aqua Gear is sold at Paragon Sporting Goods, 867 Broadway (18th Street) and at Foot Locker stores around the New York region.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Speedo America also makes a popular beach shoe and nylon swim shorts. The shorts come in 15-, 16- and 17-inch lengths, with mesh pockets and drawstring waistbands, in a variety of colors and prints. All are $36 at Paragon, Macy's, A. &amp; S., Bloomingdale's and the six Herman's World of Sporting Goods stores in Manhattan.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Speedo's Surf Walker comes in high- and low-top versions, for children and adults. The high top comes in black or turquoise, $40. The ankle-high slipper comes in two-tone black and turquoise or black and yellow, $34. Children's sizes start at 12.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The high-top Surf Walker is somewhat denser and more structured than Aqua Socks and offers less ventilation. A popular boating shoe, it offers support and durability. The molded insole is removable for easy cleaning.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">August 11, 1991</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Photos: Speedo's Surf Walker, with spandex mesh upper, nubbed sole and ankle and instep support, $40.; </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Aqua Shorts, $36, come in colors to complement their Aqua Socks.; Aqua Socks, $25-$35, come in neon-colored spandex mesh, with treaded neoprene soles. (Martin Jacobs; </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Aqua Gear)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_402"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=403>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">968 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">January</span><span class="c2"> 15, 1991, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">TRACK &amp; FIELD</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 11C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">333 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> MOBIL INDOOR GRAND PRIX<br/>Standings through Monday (distances in meters unless otherwise noted):</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> MEN - 60: 1, Daron Council, unattached, 10 points. 2, Ben Johnson, Canada, 6. 3, Mike Marsh, Santa Monica TC, 3. 500: 1, Andrew Valmon, NYAC, 10. 2, Chip Jenkins, Atlantic Coast Club, 6. 3, Ian Morris, Atlantic Coast Club, 3. 800: 1, Simon Hoogewerf, Canada, 20. 2, Robin van Helden, Netherlands, 9. 3, Mike Sherar, Canada, 6. Mile: 1, Marcus O'Sullivan, New Balance TC-Ireland, 10. 2, Harvey Mitro, Canada, 6. 3, Steve Scott, Asics, 3. 3,000: 1 (tie), Mike Giusto, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> West, and Reuben Reina, unattached, 10. 3 (tie), Graeme Fell, Canada, and Chris Weber, Canada, 6. High jump: 1 (tie), Charles Austin, unattached, and Rick Noji, Bee Fit TC, 10. 3 (tie), Hollis Conway, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> International, and John Morris, unattached, 6. Pole vault: 1, Joe Dial, NYAC, 18. 2, Istvan Bagyula, George Mason, 8. 3, Simon Arkell, New Mexico, 6. Long jump: 1, Gordon McKee, unattached, 10. 2, Llewellyn Starks, unattached, 6. 3, Edrick Floreal, Canada, 3.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> WOMEN - 60: 1, Gwen Torrence, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> International, 10. 2, Teresa Neighbors, unattached, 6. 3, Tonia Redhead, Canada, 3. 400: 1, Jearl Miles, Reebok, 16. 2, Diane Dixon, Atoms TC, 10. 3, Vivienne Spence-Gardner, Jamaica, 6. 800: 1, Charmaine Crooks, Canada, 20. 2 (tie), Gail Harris, Canada, and Meredith Rainey, Atoms TC, 6. Mile: 1, Debbie Bowker, Canada, 10. 2, Laura Cattivera, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Coast, 6. 3, Sarah Howell, Canada, 3. 60 hurdles: 1, Kim McKenzie, Mazda TC, 10. 2, Tananjalyn Stanley, Sports Track, 6. 3, Kim Batten, Florida State, 3. 3K walk: 1, Holly Goerke, Canada, 16. 2, Janice McCaffrey, Canada, 10. 3, Victoria Herazo, California Walkers, 3. High jump: 1, Yolanda Henry, Mazda TC, 10. 2, Angie Bradburn, unattached, 6. 3, Leslie Estwick, Canada, 3.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> OVERALL STANDINGS<br/>Men: 1, Simon Hoogewerf, 20. 2, Joe Dial, 18. 3, Eight tied with 10.<br/>Women: 1, Charmaine Crooks, 20. 2 (tie), Holly Goerke and Jearl Miles, 16. 4, Six tied with 10.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">For the Record</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_403"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=404>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">971 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 30, 1992, Thursday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">BARCELONA OLYMPICS OLYMPIC GAMES Basketball points News and notes on the basketball competition Barkley: Support women</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Section F; Page 4</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">483 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Charles Barkley, who behaved himself relatively well during the U.S. men's basketball game against Germany on Wednesday night (he only confronted a referee once), said he plans to attend some of the women's games in a show of support. A frequent spectator at the women's games at St. Joseph's University in Philadelphia, where the 76ers have practiced for years, Barkley planned to urge several of his teammates to accompany him.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"It's so typical," Barkley said. "They don't support women's sports enough in America. They support the men, but not the women."</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Asked whether he planned to attend the women's 11 a.m. opener against Czechoslovakia, he hedged. "Uh, I heard Czechoslovakia's not too good. I may wait until they get farther along."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">They hate four-year waits</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Of the 12 U.S. women's players, 11 play professionally overseas. The 12th, Suzie McConnell, retired to have a baby. Women's pro basketball has failed in the United States and the American women aren't thrilled about having to wait every four years for an American audience. "I don't know what's special, besides wearing the red, white and blue," says three-time Olympian Teresa Edwards, who plays in Japan. "We go overseas to make our living and we come back and represent the country for nothing, you know? We don't get enough credit for that. The Japanese people feed me. Nobody in the U.S. feeds me. I don't make a penny here."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Needed: ideal scrimmages</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Lynn Barry, vice-president of USA Basketball, said an ideal scrimmaging opponent for the women's Olympic team would be a boys' high school team - if they could check their egos at the gym entrance. "The problem is that they can't handle being beaten by the girls," said Barry, "and if they start playing too hard, we could get hurt. A perfect combination would be high school boys with college players' mentalities."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Warmup war continues</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Both sides are taking hard-line positions in a dispute between the U.S. Olympic Committee and the U.S. basketball team over what to wear at medal ceremonies. Reebok has a contract with the USOC that all medal winners will wear a specially designed Reebok warmup suit after winning an Olympic medal. But Michael Jordan and Charles Barkley, both of whom are under contract to </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">, are outspoken in their desire not to wear the Reebok suit. Scottie Pippen, Chris Mullin, John Stockton and David Robinson also are U.S. players under contract to </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">. The USOC said no athlete who is not wearing this suit will appear in a ceremony. Some of the players say they must follow their contracts. "Us </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> guys are loyal to </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> because they pay us a lot of money," Barkley said Wednesday.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He's tops at table tennis</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">According to one member of USA Basketball's traveling delegation, Christian Laettner is holding his own. At table tennis. "He's the best player on the team," said the official, "so he's contributing something."</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">August 5, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH922180174</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_404"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=405>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">973 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Herald Sun</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">August</span><span class="c2"> 15, 1991 Thursday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">VFA dash revived</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">BARRETT D</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">244 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">THE time-honored VFA half-time dash will be revived on Saturday at Coburg's City Oval.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Formerly known as the Dandy Dollar Dash, this year's series will be sponsored by </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Heats are to be held during the final two home-and-away matches and the first three weeks of the finals.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The 10 runners with the most points will take part in the final at Princes Park on grand final day on September 22.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> President of the Victorian Runners and Trainers Association, John Evans, said the dash was a long-standing part of the VFA competition.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "It was a shame to see it go," Evans said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "It's a prestigious race and one the pro runners really like to win." Evans had been seeking sponsorship for the race for much of the year after losing backing at the end of last season.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "Times are tough . . . the economy's tight," he said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> "We were pretty fortunate </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> came to the party."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> He said the series would be a good stepping stone for the upcoming professional racing calendar.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Backmarker for the series will be Victorian hurdles champion Kevin Oakey.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> The evergreen Doug Howey, a perennial finalist, is also competing.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Other runners of note include Chris Pegg, last season's Bendigo 5000 winner Tim Mason, and runner-up to Dean Capobianco in the 1990 Stawell Gift and the 1991 Melton Gift winner Perry Hannah.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Veteran NBL basketballer Al Green is a past winner of the VFA dash.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Bookmakers are expected to field on the final.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2"> END OF STORY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 25, 2003</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">Back in running . . . </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> representative George Lawlor (right) handsJohn Evans a sponsorship cheque for the reborn VFA dash yesterday.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">JOURNAL-CODE: </span><span class="c2">DHS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_405"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=406>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">975 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Strategy</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">November</span><span class="c2"> 02, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Editorial One man's view</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Pg.4</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">542 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">It is a rare bird these days who will talk about advertising without cant or pseudo-profundity, but they do exist. And when they speak, as British adman Tim Delaney did recently to Strategy, it is wise to pay attention.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Delaney, in Toronto recently to speak during the Newspaper Marketing Bureau's Extra Awards gala, is no seer, as he would be the first to admit. But he does have clearly thought out opinions about where he thinks advertising is heading and where this half-art, half-science will end up.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The venerable British creative director and founder of his own shop, Leagas Delaney, is convinced massive change is coming to the advertising business, whether in Europe, North America or elsewhere. And so massive is this change, Delaney sees parallels between that and the crumbling of the state regimes in the former Soviet Union and its satellites. The communist-militarist dictatorships of Eastern Europe could no longer sustain their bureaucracies, their superstructures, Delaney says. So, too, with multinational advertising agencies and their enormous fixed overheads.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Delaney predicts the globe-girdling juggernauts of the business will falter and bring down with them their various adjuncts such as media shops and research houses. When or where this will occur remains problematic, Delaney says, but it is coming and could return advertising to the three-people-to-a-shop cottage industry it once was. Clients, Delaney says to emphasize his point, will only pay agencies to make advertising.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Delaney's outlook is not simplistic, nor is it apocalyptic. A cursory examination of business in Canada today reveals the companies that are surviving the second economic depression in 60 years are mostly small, nimble and fat-free. Why should advertising be any different?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Delaney is on equally stimulating, but less firm, ground with his tacit approval of what he calls the coming of "neo-imperialism" in advertising. As an illustration, Delaney uses the example of the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> athletic equipment trademark. Advertising creative is approved in Oregon, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> headquarters, and used around the world. If consumers in France or Germany or Australia respond to it then they are "</span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> people" and may buy the company's products. But if other consumers in Sweden or Spain or Brazil do not respond to the same ad they are not </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> people and so beyond this athletic shoe's pale.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Canadian ad agencies might find Delaney's prediction of a coming neo-imperialism at odds with his earlier suggestion that small shops are the future. His reasonable views on the breakup of the multinationals might leave them wondering where the power to back this neo-imperialism will come from if not from the multinational agencies. Delaney would counter that technology has levelled the playing field, giving even the smallest of agencies ready access to the new neo-imperialist market.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Whether Delaney's predictions are right or wrong, time, of course, will tell. But for those agencies blinking out at North America and beyond from agency centres across Canada, it is heartening to be reminded once again that new opportunities are unfolding, and that the basis for successful advertising continues to be nothing more complicated than clear thinking.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">April 21, 1999</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Brunico Communications, Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_406"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=407>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">976 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">USA TODAY</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">February</span><span class="c2"> 13, 1991, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">COMMENTARY;<br/>New shoe motto: Don't tread on me</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Tom Weir</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Tom Weir; Pg. 3C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">633 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> Michael Jordan was talking about Dominique Wilkins, and the words weren't friendly.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">''I know what he's doing,'' Jordan said suspiciously before the NBA All- Star Game. ''When someone's on top of you, you try to knock him off. But I'm going to take a Carolina approach, and keep it clean, and stay on top.''</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">What exactly had 'Nique been doing to Jordan? Body slams in the lane? Submarining him on layups?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">No, Wilkins had committed the sin that has been forbidden since Elvis warned the world not to step on his blue suede shoes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Wilkins is among the Reebok crew of ''pump up'' endorsers who have been needling </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> on television ads. Air bags vs. Air Jordan. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has threatened to take legal action against Reebok's leapers, a case made for a kangaroo court if ever there was one.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">What is it about shoes that breeds such hostility?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">They have been a source of easily injured pride dating to when ''Your mother wears combat boots'' still was an insult. For all her faults, what really bugged us about Imelda Marcos was her warehouse full of shoes. And those who like to tweak Nevada-Las Vegas about its courtside seats filled with high-rollers always snidely refer to it as ''Gucci Row.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Boston's Dee Brown kicked the shoe confrontation up a notch Saturday, when he paused before each of his attempts in the dunk contest to pump up his Reeboks. Dee-bok swears it was his idea, and maybe so, but somewhere a commercial is being filmed of the newly crowned slam champ.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But maybe Reebok should be worried. Playgrounds are on the verge of becoming pumpatoriums. The inevitable peer pressure could lead to a new kind of game of chicken, to see who can take the most pumps. Watch out for the injury of the '90s: ankle strangulation.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It's amazing how far we've come from the days when there truly was only one shoe a dignified athlete could wear. The Converse Chuck Taylor model came only in white and black. Why they bothered to have the black model was a mystery, because only the Celtics wore them and they made even the world champs look dorky.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Then came the major breakthrough in the '60s. Someone in the back shop let a pair of scissors slip, and thus the low-cut was born. Wow. Two styles. This is like when Baskin-Robbins served only chocolate and vanilla.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Today </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and Reebok are at the same kind of odds as Coke and Pepsi. One wonders how much of </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> jealousy has to do with the Laker Girls' collective bustline being turned into a Reebok billboard. Or that infamous but quickly pulled ad with the bungee-cord jumpers, where the Reebok-shorn guy survives but the kid clad in </span><span class="c4">Nikes</span><span class="c2"> disappears into the abyss (kind of like going to the Sacramento Kings).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Shoe battles aren't new. The first two companies to go at it - adidas and Puma - were run by German brothers named Dassler who carried on a lifelong feud.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">And the stakes are high, as L.A. Gear learned when it suffered a public relations disaster in December. Marquette freshman Robb Logterman drove the lane at Kansas, only to suffer a blowout the likes of which even Goodyear seldom sees. His shoe simply fell apart, and left behind in the paint was Logterman's filet of sole.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It turned out Marquette was going through its L.A. Gear (Joe Montana's brand) by the gross, and within the month the Warriors switched to </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> also got the last word before All-Star weekend ended, as Jordan got a foothold on revenge.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In Sunday's All-Star Game, Wilkins blew the opportunity to become the all- time ham of slam. With no defender near, Wilkins went up for one of the from- the-hip, over-the-shoulder power dunks that he invented, only to miss. This is what's called an air dunk.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">After seeing Wilkins suffer the ultimate showtime embarrassment, Jordan issued an epitaph for the times: ''He forgot to pump up.''</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">PHOTO; b/w; PHOTO; b/w, H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY<br/>&#160;<br/>CUTLINE: DEE BROWN: Dunk contest champ gets in some air time.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_407"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=408>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">980 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">May</span><span class="c2"> 15, 1992, Friday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">NOTEBOOK Cox will spread around save chances in bullpen</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By I.J. Rosenberg STAFF WRITERsports; baseball; football; competition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Section E; Page 4</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">255 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Until Alejandro Pena works out his problems on the mound, the Atlanta Braves will turn to Marvin Freeman and Mike Stanton more often in the closer's role, despite Freeman's blown save Thursday night.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Pena has blown two save opportunities and given up the winning run three times in his last four appearances.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We'll move it around until some things straighten out," said manager Bobby Cox.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Freeman inherited a 3-2 lead and a base-loaded situation in the ninth Thursday, then gave up a two-run single to Pittsburgh's Jeff King as the Pirates rallied for a 4-3 win.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">That won't change his plan, Cox said. "I thought Marvin pitched well. His pitch to King was a jam shot and it found the right hole. Then he comes back and strikes out the next two guys."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Freeman had two saves in his previous two opportunities. Stanton was out of uniform Tuesday and Wednesday because of a viral infection and was available Thursday night only for one inning.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">FOOTBALL NOT A MUST: The new shoe deal Deion Sanders signed with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> does not require him to play football, according to Sanders's agent, Eugene Parker. Sanders will help endorse </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> cross-trainer shoe and his first commercial is expected to air in July around the All-Star Game. . . . First baseman Sid Bream is bothered by a hamstring pull, but it is not expected to keep him out of the lineup. He will have a few days to rest because the Braves faced a lefthander Thursday night and are scheduled to go against another one tonight, meaning Brian Hunter starts at first.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">May 16, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_408"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=409>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">981 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Business Times (Singapore)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Fels' US subsidiary completes US$ 2.7m rig conversion job</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">September</span><span class="c2"> 23, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2"> SINGAPORE -Amfels Inc, Far East Levingston Shipbuilding's US subsidiary, has completed a US$ 2.75 million (S$ 4.4 million) contract to convert a jack-up rig to a shallow water-drilling unit for Houston's Western Oceanic Inc.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Amfels designed, constructed and installed additional quarters and two side sponsons -- box-like structures which adjust the rig's buoyancy -on the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> I. The contract was unique because the quarters and the sponsons were retractable, allowing the rig to be returned to its original class of jack-up rig if necessary, a Fels statement said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The two sponsons were added to increase </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> I's buoyancy, enabling the rig to operate in waters as shallow as eight feet.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">They match the hull's 20-foot depth and add 20 feet on each side of the hull, providing sufficient deck space for the additional accomodation unit.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Following the conversion, oil company Chevron Nigeria will use the rig for shallow water drilling in Nigeria.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Under the contract, Amfels also relocated cranes and upgraded the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> I.  Work on the rig was completed in less than 12 weeks. Meanwhile, Fels has completed the acquisition of the remaining 23 per cent stake in Amfels.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">Shipping Times; Pg. 1</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">374 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">September 24, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">The </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> I being loaded onto a transporter</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 Times Business Publications</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_409"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=410>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">984 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">March</span><span class="c2"> 14, 1992, Saturday, FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Oceanographer tracks the great </span><span class="c8">Nike</span><span class="c7"> shoe spill</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">KEAY DAVIDSON; SAN FRANCISCO EXAMINER</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SCIENCE: EARTH MATTERS; ENVIROLINE; Pg. J6/BREAK</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">444 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">SAN FRANCISCO</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">For some beachcombers, it was a gift from the sea: hundreds of pairs of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> shoes that floated on to Pacific Northwest beaches.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But for oceanographer Curtis Ebbesmeyer, the veritable school of shoes offers a chance to study a scientific wonder: the circulation of the Pacific Ocean - circulation that, over thousands of years, has influenced climate, tribal migration, oil spills and where drowning victims wash ashore.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It was one of the oddest marine mishaps of the decade. On May 27, 1990, a freighter in the North Pacific encountered a storm. Numerous containers fell overboard and broke open, dumping 80,000 athletic shoes, boots and golf shoes into the drink.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Seven months later, the first shoes drifted on to North American beaches. Beachcombers recovered about 100 shoes on the western side of Vancouver Island. On March 26, 1991, 250 were found on the coast of southern Alaska. By May, hundreds more had been found as far south as Oregon.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">About 1,300 shoes have been recovered to date, says Ebbesmeyer, of Evans-Hamilton Inc., a consulting-oceanography firm in Seattle.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I wouldn't be surprised if more start to come to shore. But some might drift in different directions - say, to Hawaii or Indonesia. They might continue floating out there for years," said Ebbesmeyer.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Many beachcombers scrubbed salt and barnacles off the shoes, dried them out and discovered them to be snug fits. They held swap meets to exchange shoe sizes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I got about 140 pairs of </span><span class="c4">Nikes</span><span class="c2"> and another 60 pairs of golf shoes by Etonic," said Steve McLeod, 47, of Cannon Beach, Ore. "I have about 16 pairs that fit me, and I've shoed my entire family."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The shoe spill intrigued Ebbesmeyer, who tracks ocean debris to better understand Pacific circulation.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Pacific isn't simply a big basin of salt water - it's a realm of constantly circulating "rivers" of water. Some spiral endlessly; others slosh back and forth from the chill waters of the north to the warmer waters of the south. Changes of temperature, season, salinity and tides influence ocean circulation.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Using information gathered from coastal dwellers, Ebbesmeyer is developing a map showing where and when shoes reached land. So far, his findings pretty well match the accepted behavior of Pacific currents.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Based on the movements, he calculates the shoes could have moved eastward at an average speed of 6.5 km a day, assuming they moved in a straight line.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">However, they probably first travelled in a loop in the Gulf of Alaska, then moved toward North America. The "loop" would have added 2,900 km to their journey. Hence, their true speed of travel could be closer to 16 km a day.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">March 15, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 CanWest Interactive, a division of<br/>CanWest Global Communications Corp.<br/>All Rights Reserved</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_410"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=411>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">986 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Palm Beach Post (Florida)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">October</span><span class="c2"> 12, 1992 Monday</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>FINAL EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">DEION STRETCHES DUAL ROLE TO THE LIMIT</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Tim Rosaforte</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Pg. 7C</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">1125 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">MIAMI </span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">The white stretch Lincoln was a 10-yard completion, the front bumper to its open trunk. It was a prime-time kind of ride waiting in front of the Atlanta</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Falcons team buses on a hot October afternoon at Joe Robbie Stadium. A</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">security man wearing a headset guarded the limo.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Inside the Falcons' locker room, Deion Sanders was stretched out on a</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">training table, lying flat on his back, with a needle stuck in his arm and an intravenous bottle hanging from the ceiling over his head.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">This is what it had come to. Deion with a doctor squeezing the last drops from the plastic bag into his arm.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"He just wants to make that game," said team physician Charles Harrison.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">At 4:50 p.m., Deion got up off the training table, put on his </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> hat and </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> T-shirt and </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> sandals, threw on a pair of black shades, and started</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">making his way to the limo, limping every step of the way. It wasn't that he</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">was too tired to talk. He had a plane to catch.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Actually he had a limo to catch.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">And then a helicopter to catch.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">And then a plane to catch out of Opa-locka Airport for a 2 hour, 20-minute flight to Pittsburgh for Game 5 of the National League Championship Series.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The door closed on his limo at 4:52. The helicopter was waiting in the</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">parking lot on the west side of JRS. It was airborne a little after 5 o'clock, approximately 12 hours after Sanders checked into the Falcons' team hotel in Fort Lauderdale Sunday morning.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"You have to really look at, if it was you in that situation, what would you do?" said Bobby Butler, the 12-year veteran from Delray Beach and Florida State. "Every athlete here would do the same thing."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">GETTING HIS PROPERS</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">If you think this sideshow distracted the Falcons in their pursuit of</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">victory against the Dolphins, you're wrong. Sanders hasn't set foot on the</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">team's training facility in Suwanee, Ga., since the Monday after the Green Bay game. That was Sept. 28-- 14 days ago.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Yet he has enough natural ability to go out on a field where the head</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">index was in triple digits and play every down at cornerback, two at wide</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">receiver, and seven as a kick returner. He made three tackles, all of them</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">after pass completions to Mark Duper.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I have a new-found respect for the guy pulling something like that</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">off," said Tim McKyer, the former Dolphin who plays on the opposite corner.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"It says a lot about Deion. It says a lot about how he feels about the</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">game.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We really appreciate him coming out here and doing it for us."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Was Sanders doing it for "us"-- the Falcons? Or was he doing it for</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Deion-- and </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">? Those are the big questions surrounding this "Play Two"</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">circus that redefined the old Ernie Banks quote.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sanders made $118,000 in Falcons' pay by showing up for Game 6 of their</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">NFL season. It also was a made-for-TV publicity stunt that is camera-ready for a </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> commercial. The only character missing was Spike Lee.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"He asked us to help him," said Anne Scearce of </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Sports Management.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We'd do anything we can to help Deion with his career goals."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">And just what are those? It's hard to tell because one day Sanders wants to be a pro baseball player, the next day he wants to be a pro football</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">player, and on Sunday, he wanted to be both.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It doesn't seem to bother the Falcons. It's the Braves who are calling it a "distraction."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"What goes unnoticed about him?" wondered coach Jerry Glanville in the</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Falcons locker room. "Everyone notices his athletic ability, everyone notices his God-given talent. But what's inside of him, how much he cares, is even</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">bigger than his ability."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">NOTHING SPECTACULAR</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">His heart may be the size of his ego, but Sanders' game was just</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">average. He didn't strike out twice on six pitches, which he's done in the</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">NLCS. But he was flagged for one pass interference penalty and he had a second flag put back in the back judge's pocket when it was ruled that Dan Marino's</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">pass to Duper was not catchable.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"They went out of their way to call it on Deion," Andre Rison said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The Dolphins went out of their way to test Sanders early. Marino's first play of the game was a deep out to Duper that sailed incomplete. Sanders was</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">never burned, other than the 47-yard pass interference penalty, which didn't</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">cost the Falcons any points.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">On offense, he caught a flanker screen and ran for a 9-yard gain in the</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">second quarter. On the last play before the half, he ran down the field under Chris Miller's Hail Mary pass that landed out of bounds.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">By the second half, it was obvious the heat was getting to him. He</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">stopped going to the Falcons' defensive huddles and his limp became more</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">noticeable. No plays from this game will make any of Deion's highlight films. Yet it was a statement not only to Deion's marketability, but his ability as</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">an athlete.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Bo may know, but Deion is the show.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">DEION'S DAY</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Some of the highlights of Deion Sanders' same-day, different-city, two-</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">sport doubleheader.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">* 12:18 a.m. Sunday in Pittsburgh-- Sanders, wearing sunglasses and</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">outlined by the klieg lights of a dozen TV cameras, climbs into a stretch</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">limousine outside Three Rivers Stadium after playing two innings in left field and striking out in his only at-bat in the Atlanta Braves' 6-4 win over the</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Pittsburgh Pirates in Game 4 of the National League playoffs.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">* 12:58 a.m. in West Mifflin, Pa.-- Sanders and his entourage board a</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">chartered Canadair CL601 jet at Allegheny County Airport in nearby West</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mifflin, Pa., for 2-hour, 20-minute flight to Fort Lauderdale. Aboard are his girlfriend, Carolyn Chambers, their 2-year-old daughter, Diondra, his</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">attorney, Eugene Parker, and a CBS camera crew.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">* 3:52 a.m. in Dania, Fla.-- Sanders, in a stretch limo again, arrives at the hotel where his Atlanta Falcons teammates are staying.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">* 12:14 p.m. in Miami-- Sanders emerges from the tunnel at Joe Robbie</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Stadium for the Falcons' 1 p.m. start against the Dolphins.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">* 4:06 p.m.-- Walks off field of Joe Robbie Stadium, helmet in hand, head down following the Falcons' 21-17 loss.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">* 4:48 p.m.-- Sanders walks from training room to a waiting limousine.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">* 4:55 p.m.-- Limousine leaves stadium en route to helicopter pad, where a helicopter waits to take him to Opa-locka Airport, where a private jet waits</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">to take him to Pittsburgh.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">* 5:19 p.m.-- Private jet leaves Opa-locka Airport.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">* 7:45 p.m., (estimated) in West Mifflin, Pa.-- Sanders' chartered jet</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">lands. Sanders, Parker and an aide board a helicopter for the short flight</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">downtown.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">* 8:01 p.m. in Pittsburgh-- Atop the Channel 11 building in downtown</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Pittsburgh, Sanders lands and heads downstairs for a waiting limousine.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">* 8:26 p.m.-- At a side entrance to Three Rivers Stadium, Sanders slips</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">out of a black limousine, wearing a baseball cap, sunglasses, windbreaker,</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">shorts and flip-flop sandals. Sanders brushes past waiting camera crews and</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">reporters without saying a word.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">* 8:43 p.m.-- First pitch of Game 5. Sanders is not in the starting</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">lineup.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">June 6, 2011</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">NOTES: </span><span class="c2"> Information box at end of text</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">PHOTO (C)<br/> LOREN G. HOSACK/Staff Photographer Atlanta's Deion Sanders (21) leaves the field with Charles Washington and team personnel headed for the locker room, a limo, a helicopter, a jet and Pittsburgh for the Braves' Game 5 of the NLCS.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DOCUMENT-TYPE: </span><span class="c2">SCHEDULE COLUMN</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">PUBLICATION-TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Newspaper</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.<br/>All Rights Reserved</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_411"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=412>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">988 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">July</span><span class="c2"> 23, 1992, Thursday, Final Edition</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">A Sneaker Maker Loses Its Magic;<br/>Star's Parting Shot as Converse Endorser Underscores Firm's Troubles in Ad Race</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">Paul Farhi, Washington Post Staff Writer</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">STYLE; PAGE D10</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">944 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">In the never-ending race for the sneaker-buying public's hearts and feet, Converse Inc. has just been left flat-footed.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Earvin "Magic" Johnson, the basketball megastar, ubiquitous pitchman and AIDS activist, said yesterday that he was walking away from Converse, the athletic-shoe company that he has served as an endorser for the past 13 years. His departure was accompanied by a parting shot: Converse, Magic Johnson admonished, had misunderstood the rules of modern sneaker salesmanship by failing to make the most of ... Magic Johnson.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Converse is still living in the 1960s and '70s," Johnson told the Associated Press after a U.S. Olympic basketball team practice in Monaco yesterday. "They haven't arrived in the '80s and '90s where advertising and marketing are the keys."</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Johnson's announcement was a bombshell to those involved in the $ 12 billion-a-year sneaker business -- including Converse, which expressed "surprise and shock" at the news. The reaction underscored a basic tenet of the business: Athletic shoes, and basketball shoes in particular, live and die on the strength of superstar endorsers like Johnson, Michael Jordan and David Robinson.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Several sports marketing specialists said yesterday that Johnson's criticism was on target. They said Converse, in a battle for basketball-shoe supremacy with </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc., Reebok International Ltd. and L.A. Gear Inc., had booted an opportunity to raise its profile by boosting Johnson's.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"When you get an athlete on his level, it's not just dollars alone that's important," said Stephen Disson, president of the D&amp;F Group, a Washington firm that develops sports events for corporate sponsors. "It's extremely critical to them how they are used in TV and print advertising. I'm sure Magic sees what </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is doing with Michael Jordan. [Johnson] isn't jealous, he's just saying, 'This is how [a corporation] should use an athlete.' "</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Once the preeminent basketball shoe marketer with its classic-but-clunky Chuck Taylor All-Star line, Converse has been under siege in recent years. </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and Reebok, in particular, have waged high-profile ad campaigns for their Air Jordan and Pump models, respectively, and have poured money into developing sleek, albeit pricey, new lines.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Converse, meanwhile, has labored to keep pace. It has been criticized for being slow to introduce a line of "Magic" shoes and sportswear; it didn't get around to that until last year, long after </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> and others had flooded the market with their own "signature" products.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Moreover, Converse's ads built around its association with Johnson are dimly remembered at best, even within the industry. The company has had more luck with another Johnson, Charlotte Hornets rookie Larry Johnson, who has starred in a well-received series of commercials dressed like his grandmother (the ads' conceit is that even a senior citizen can beat an NBA player in Converse shoes).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"One thing that has driven </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is their creativity and their ability to use the strengths of their [endorsers] in their ads," said Bill Strickland, president of the basketball division of International Management Group, the nation's largest sports agents' firm. "You don't see any of that from Converse. ... For the association with Converse not to be stronger would suggest that [Johnson's criticism] is on point."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Yet another shoe could drop soon for Converse. Sources said yesterday that tennis star and Converse endorser Jimmy Connors will end his association with the company shortly. (Converse has issued a statement repudiating press reports that Johnson's fellow basketball star, Larry Bird, was considering bolting from the company's employ too.)</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In Monaco yesterday, Johnson indicated that his unhappiness with Converse began when he first signed with the company. Then, Converse boasted an all-star lineup of endorsers -- Johnson, Bird, Julius "Dr. J" Erving, Kevin McHale of Boston and Isiah Thomas of Detroit. "I kept telling them they weren't taking advantage of that situation," Johnson told the AP.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"At that time, everybody was calling Converse shoes 'Docs' on the playground because of Doctor J. [Erving's nickname]. I said they should just call the shoes 'Docs.' But they told me a player will never sell shoes. Then Michael Jordan came along and he proved them wrong, but they're still saying it."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Johnson added that Converse "got tired of me complaining and I got tired of them not listening."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Converse President Gilbert "Gib" Ford called Johnson's comments "surprising," especially since Johnson is under contract with Converse for two more years. That could limit Johnson's ability to seek another shoe endorsement deal.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The company issued a statement saying that it has spent more than $ 35 million on advertising and marketing programs featuring Johnson, including a special public-service campaign called "Magic's Athletes Against AIDS" last fall after Johnson announced that he has the virus that leads to AIDS. It said it would launch a second AIDS campaign with Johnson later this summer, and it is currently airing an ad with an Olympics theme featuring him, Bird and Larry Johnson.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Converse, however, may not have had the financial muscle to play with the big boys recently. Its parent company, Interco Inc., a conglomerate that also owns the London Fog raincoat brand, has been operating under Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection since the beginning of last year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Although Converse's ad budget isn't known, observers said the company has cut back on media advertising to conserve cash, concentrating instead on "grass roots" marketing, building its brand by supplying shoes to amateur and pro teams.</span></p>
<p class="c10"/>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SERIES: </span><span class="c2">Occasional</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">PHOTO, EARVIN "MAGIC" JOHNSON AS HE INTRODUCED A NEW LINE OF SPORTSWEAR IN 1990. YESTERDAY, THE STAR SAID HE WAS DEPARTING THE FIRM AS ENDORSER. UPI</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">TYPE: </span><span class="c2">FEATURE</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Washington Post</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_412"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=413>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">992 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Globe and Mail (Canada)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">September</span><span class="c2"> 9, 1992 Wednesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">CANADIAN OPEN   Sparks flying off the greens</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">LORNE RUBENSTEIN; GAM</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">776 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">Oakville, Ont. </span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">LORNE RUBENSTEIN<br/>  Oakville, Ont.<br/> THE lush green fairways of the Glen Abbey Golf Club will be full of some<br/>of the top players in the world when the Canadian Open begins tomorrow.<br/>But last evening at a player"Tour meeting a series of issues concerning<br/>the Tour were paramount, and they will continue to be so until they are<br/>resolved.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">    The meeting apparently concerned a number of related issues. One<br/>central item concerns the number of players exempt for the following<br/>season. Currently the top 125 money-winners are exempt. Other criteria<br/>also admit more players, but that number is the most significant.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Some players, Tom Watson for one, have long felt that too many players<br/>get in by virtue of finishing in the top 125. The argument is that a<br/>player can go along making $30,000 or $40,000 for the season and then<br/>break through with a late-season second or third place. Bingo, he's<br/>exempt.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Limiting exemptions to perhaps 110 or 115 makes many players<br/>uncomfortable. Jeff Sluman is one of four player directors on the 10-man<br/>tournament policy board, and said yesterday that it's not easy to think<br/>about reducing opportunities. That would be one inevitable result of<br/>changes to the all-exempt list.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But the question of the number of exempt players does not exist in<br/>isolation. PGA Tour commissioner Deane Beman pointed out at the Abbey that<br/>it's related to the persistent problem of slow play, and also to the<br/>question of stocking what was the Ben Hogan Tour and is now the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Tour.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Tour is a secondary series of 30 tournaments that the PGA Tour<br/>will run next season, as it has the Hogan Tour. It's a breeding ground for<br/>future PGA Tour players. Tom Lehman is one such player. He led the Hogan<br/>Tour in winnings last year and has won $424,378 on the PGA Tour this year<br/>for 25th place.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The PGA Tour wants more players on the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Tour. That can be seen<br/>either as a benevolent notion that would give players some experience<br/>before they reach the PGA Tour. A cynic might argue that moving the<br/>golfers who finish from 110th to 125th from the PGA Tour to the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Tour<br/>is a lazy and harsh way of ridding the big circuit of unwanted players.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">There's also the vexing problem of slow play. Some players said it<br/>would be the main issue on last night's agenda. Any reduction in exempt<br/>players would feed into the number of contestants in PGA Tour events.<br/>There's talk that the number should go from 156 players in summer's full<br/>fields to 132.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Beman said that slow play is indeed a serious concern. He mentioned<br/>that there are too many players on the course before the field is cut<br/>after 36 holes.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Have fewer exempt players, then. Drop some sponsor exemptions. Erase<br/>local qualifying each Monday that admits four players. So go some of the<br/>ideas.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Paul Azinger, like other golfers, believes Tour officials should simply<br/>get tougher on slow play. A player is currently warned that he is being<br/>timed. If he is timed twice as playing slowly then he is fined $500. Four<br/>bad times gets him a $1,500 penalty, with two shots added to his score.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But PGA Tour officials are reluctant to impose slow play penalties.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I'll tell you what," Azinger said. "Our officials would have trouble<br/>giving me two shots, or fining me for slow play. They know me, and all of<br/>them but one like me. It's harder to fine a player you know and like. It<br/>may not be so hard for an official to fine a player he doesn't like."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Azinger mentioned Scott Hoch as one player who might fall into the<br/>latter category. His point was that personal attachments get in the way of<br/>assessing penalties.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Player director Peter Jacobsen had something of the same idea. He<br/>called slow play a "joke," said "there are too many bodies out here," and<br/>suggested that rules officals are too important to be speed cops.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"The best way to deal with slow play is with peer pressure," Jacobsen<br/>said.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Who knows? Maybe he will name the slow players in a book he has written<br/>for spring publication. It's called Buried Lies: Tall Tales and True<br/>Stories from the PGA Tour. Azinger mentioned that one of Jacobsen's ideas<br/>is to fine a slow player 10 per cent of his earnings at an event.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">PGA Championship winner and defending Canadian Open champion Nick Price<br/>argued slightly differently.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"We know who the slow players are out here," Price said. "We should be<br/>dealing with them."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Players wouldn't say for publication who the slow players are. But many<br/>could take lessons from fast players Price, Daly, Watson and Lanny<br/>Wadkins.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">It all amounts to plenty of important issues on the PGA Tour. Careers<br/>could be at stake. It remains to be seen what will emerge from last<br/>night's meeting. One thing was certain as night settled on Glen Abbey: The<br/>meeting was going to be well-attended, and sparks would fly.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">January 9, 2007</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">PUBLICATION-TYPE: </span><span class="c2">Newspaper</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c0"><br/><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.<br/>All Rights Reserved</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_413"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=414>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">994 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Toronto Star</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">June</span><span class="c2"> 30, 1991, Sunday, SUNDAY SECOND EDITION</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Ailing Bo Jackson still working in TV ads</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By SKIP WOLLENBERG (AP)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. F1</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">1087 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">DATELINE: </span><span class="c2">CULVER CITY, Calif.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c2">&#160;<br/>&#160;&#160;&#160;</span><span class="c2">CULVER CITY, Calif. (AP) - Bo Jackson's hip injury put his professional baseball and football careers on hold, but hasn't cost him a step in his other high-paying job - commercial pitchman.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Ad makers for Pepsi-Cola Co. and </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> Inc. have even turned Bo's injury to their advantage, pressing him into service in new advertising.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"What else have I got to do this summer?," Jackson says as he sits in a beach chair in a cameo appearance in Pepsi's summer ad campaign.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">He does everything but relax in the latest and probably the last edition of his "Bo Knows . . ." commercials for </span><span class="c4">Nike.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In a commercial filmed at the Culver City Studios, Jackson abruptly walks out on his own Las Vegas-style show to start some serious rehabilitation in the gym. That leaves the door open for that burger-eating boxer George Foreman and others who jump at the chance to fill Bo's shoes in the lounge act.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The new </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> ads begin running July 9 during the All-Star baseball game telecast, the same occasion </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> used two years ago to launch the series with a commercial that also featured another famous Bo, bluesman Bo Diddley.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">That commercial and a 1990 ad that showed Jackson ready to compete in a dozen different sports made him one of the best-known athlete endorsers in the business and added a phrase to the American vernacular.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">As the rare athlete who successfully competes in two professional sports, Jackson was a natural fit for </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> cross-training shoe, designed for multiple uses - running, shooting baskets, lifting weights, riding a bike.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Helped by Jackson's commercials, </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> says sales of the shoes have climbed from nothing in 1987 to about $400 million (U.S.) this year, making them second only to basketball shoes among top-ranked </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> best-selling models.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Consumer surveys by the research firm Video Storyboard Tests Inc. indicated Jackson was the best-known endorser from sports in 1989 and ranked him second only to football's Joe Montana in 1990. The 1991 results aren't in yet.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sports Marketing Letter rated Jackson as the 10th most sought-after sports figure by marketers this year despite the hip injury. The newsletter's publisher, Brian Murphy, estimated Jackson will make $5 million this year from advertising, several million more than he will likely make from sports.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The injury Jackson suffered while playing football for the Los Angeles Raiders has prevented him from playing baseball this year. The Kansas City Royals dropped him after doctors said he might never play again, but he was signed by the Chicago White Sox.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">His doctors say Jackson is making progress and will be re-evaluated over the All-Star break to see if he can play baseball this season.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But his injury raised questions about Jackson's commercial career. Some marketing experts said Jackson would likely fade from view as many retired athletes have if he were unable to play again. Others said his struggle back would keep people interested.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jackson's agent, Richard Woods, said Jackson remains in demand.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Besides the extra work for Pepsi and </span><span class="c4">Nike,</span><span class="c2"> Woods said, Jackson is promoting lines of sports medicine and fitness products and is considering two major endorsement offers that wouldn't have been made without the injury. Woods declined to identify them.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Even before Jackson was injured, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> ad makers had been seeking a way to give the "Bo Knows" series of ads a big</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">sendoff.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"The whole 'Bo Knows' thing had been overexposed," said Jim Riswold, the Wieden &amp; Kennedy ad writer who created the series three years ago. "The time to end 'Bo knows' has come."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Scott Bedbury, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> advertising director, agreed that he would be "very surprised" to see any more variations on the theme next year although </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> will probably use Jackson in other commercials.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Riswold came up with a stylish sendoff.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jackson is the star of the "Bo Show," a garish act with 20 chorus girls in White Sox or Raiders jerseys, a 30- piece orchestra and Bo's name in lights.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Bo knows it's got that air thing," the chorus girls sing as they dance around Jackson, who is wearing a tuxedo and has a microphone in hand.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But after a few choruses, Jackson has second thoughts. He yells for the band to stop. "This is ridiculous," he says, walking off the stage.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The camera then moves to a living room where the TV set is tuned to the Bo show. Mom is shocked and Dad looks perplexed as Bo crawls through the set.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"I've got rehab to do," Jackson mutters as he reaches back into the set for his cross-trainers.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Nice shoes," a boy sitting on the floor says as Jackson passes through the living room.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"You watch too much TV, kid," Jackson shoots back.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In the gym, Jackson lifts weights, pedals a stationary bike and works out in the pool. He can't shake that irritating "air thing" song, though.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"You know I don't have time for this," he yells at the </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> logo.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">After Jackson walks away, the logo rolls up, revealing the same glitzy set where the backlights have been changed to read, "Not Bo."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"But I do," says Foreman, dressed in a tux and surrounded by the chorus girls now dressed in boxer shorts and orange boxing gloves.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"Hit it," Foreman orders, as the band plays again and the girls sing "George knows . . ."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> has three other endings for use later in the year.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">In one version, Los Angeles Kings star Wayne Gretzky takes over from Bo, a throwback to the original "Bo knows . . ." ad where Gretzky was the only athlete unable to attest that Jackson could play his sport - ice hockey.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The other versions end with pairs of athletes - Darryl Strawberry of baseball's Los Angeles Dodgers and Jerry Rice of football's San Francisco 49ers in one; Eric Davis of baseball's Cincinnati Reds and Randall Cunningham of football's Philadelphia Eagles in the other.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The "Bo knows . . . " campaign may provide the grist for trivia games a few years from now. Jackson may turn up in nostalgic beer or credit card ads.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Or the ads may have sent Jackson on the road to a long career as a celebrity spokesperson.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"He represents not only a versatile athlete but the whole fad of being fit," said David Vadehra, head of Video Storyboard Tests, the firm that quizzes thousands of people each year on what commercials they liked best.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Sports Marketing Letter's Murphy envisions Jackson effectively pitching recreational sports such as golf, weight training or tennis.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"The idea has already been established in the public's mind that this is a guy who does everything," he said.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">May 13, 1999</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">GRAPHIC: </span><span class="c2">photos TV STAR: Bo Jackson has made new TV commercials that will debut during the All-Star game and appeared on Sesame Street.Bo; Jackson; advertising; sports; marketing</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_414"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=415>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">996 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Atlanta Journal and Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">February</span><span class="c2"> 3, 1992, Monday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Defections like Jordan's could sap NBA's financial strength</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">Ailene Voisinbasketball; personalities; advertising; finances; business</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">SPORTS; Section E; Page 2</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">704 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Michael Jordan stuck his tongue out at the NBA and its Players Association last week. Stuck it in their faces big time. No longer, he informed them, could they place his tongue or his ears or his nose - in essence, his likeness - on league-licensed apparel.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Michael chose to withdraw from the league-union group licensing agreement because the players' share of the approximately $ 45 million-$ 50 million annual revenue is a mere $ 500,000, all of which is placed in a pension fund. He broke ranks - as was his right - and gave exclusive rights to his mug to </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2">.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The reaction has been swift, though not certain. This is rarefied Air, yet to be fully navigated or comprehended. Jordan thus is perceived as greedy by some, while others accuse the league of being exploitative and the union ill-advised.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">There is some truth in all of this. But in all of this is a much larger issue. Namely, what becomes of the once-powerful union that forged a unique revenue-sharing alliance with management to resurrect an economically crippled league and ensure prosperity for all?  How quickly all is threatened.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">How quickly all is forgotten.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">While Jordan was enrolling in North Carolina and </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> was in its infancy during the early 1980s, the league's owners and players sacrificed, they shared, and together they savored. Failing franchises were revived. Insolvent owners were displaced. Television contracts and marketing revenues soared. (Players share 53 percent of the gross.) And the league once perceived as that of drug users and deviates became a glitzy rock-and-roll road show featuring Doc, Magic, Larry.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">No one wants the show to end. Yet many foresee Jordan's defection as potentially disastrous, with other premier </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> endorsers sure to follow, and other, similar developments equally sure to threaten the collective fiber of the union-league relationship.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Strange alliances once again are quickly forming. NBA commissioner David Stern - ever cognizant that his league has never had a strike - is monitoring the situation closely, perhaps to intervene at some point. The union's executive director, Charles Grantham, who inherited the current agreement from Larry Fleisher, is anxious, concerned. Union president Isiah Thomas is both disheartened and fearful.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Though quick to concede the group licensing agreement is inadequate in today's market, Thomas believes the matter will be resolved during the next collective bargaining session in 1993-94. Or, if Jordan was so dissatisfied, why didn't he form his own apparel company - as did Magic - and become one of the NBA's authorized licensees?</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">"None of us can say that what Michael is doing is wrong," said Thomas, "but would I do it? No. I've always tried to do what's best for the league, without forgetting that it was a group approach that made us strong."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Several of Thomas's friends say he is so disheartened by recent developments that he considered resigning, then reconsidered. The timing, he felt, was not right.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The timing, in fact, could hardly be worse.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The league is still reeling from the news that Magic has the HIV virus. Bird is fast nearing retirement, and even Jordan and Charles Barkley are closing in on the end. Their successors - those stars or characters with charisma - are yet to be named. Yet to be sighted.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Economically, the next big television contract appears to be a thing of the past, with networks feeling the pinch. The union and league already are embroiled in a legal debate over defined gross revenue. Other skirmishes await. And just outside the arenas, the homeless, the unemployed, the many without quality health care illustrate how Americans are continuing to suffer from the me-first mistakes and fiscal foibles of decades past.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Is there perhaps a lesson to be learned here? Just a few.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jordan is a good guy, a bright guy. Magic likes him immensely and is quick to acknowledge that he has every right to capitalize in a capitalistic society. "But I do want to talk to him about this," said Magic. "I want to hear his motives. Is he mad at the union? Something else? I want to find out."</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">But not lost on Magic is the irony of the 1992 NBA Finals.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Jordan agreed to share the wealth.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">And look who won.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LOAD-DATE: </span><span class="c2">March 5, 1992</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
<div class="c11">&#160;</div>
<a name="DOC_ID_0_415"/><!-- Hide XML section from browser
<DOC NUMBER=416>
<DOCFULL> -->
<br/><div class="c0"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">998 of 998 DOCUMENTS</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">The Independent (London)</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c4">August</span><span class="c2"> 28, 1991, Wednesday</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c7">Column Eight: SNC beats rivals to Albania</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">BYLINE: </span><span class="c2">By PATRICK HOSKING</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">SECTION: </span><span class="c2">BUSINESS AND CITY PAGE; Page 29&#160;</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LENGTH: </span><span class="c2">395 words</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c10"><span class="c2">Smith New Court is claiming a first in Eastern Europe. While rival advisers are fighting for hotel rooms in Prague and Budapest, it has ventured into Tirana, capital of Albania.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Alexander Duma, director of SNC Corporate Finance, has introduced the South African firm Samancor to the Albanian government, an introduction which may lead to a joint venture to mine chrome ore.</span><span class="c2">&#160;</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Mr Duma, who first set foot in Albania three weeks ago, admits to one advantage over rival advisers: ''I'm Albanian.'' His father Dervish was secretary of the Albanian legation in London before Mussolini invaded Albania.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Joggers, do not remove your plimsolls. ADT, the car auctions firm which is axing its dividend, may have run out of puff. But it will still sponsor next year's marathon, director David Hammond promises.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">The American sports clothes group </span><span class="c4">Nike</span><span class="c2"> is having a run of bad luck. It has already had to fork out repeatedly to the Russian pole-vaulter Sergei Bubka. It pays him a $ 50,000 bonus every time he breaks the world record. Mr Bubka breaks it often, half-inch by half-inch.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Now, who should be ignominiously knocked out of the first round of the US Tennis Open than </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> champion clothes horse Andre Agassi.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Upper lip stiff, Don Wood, </span><span class="c4">Nike's</span><span class="c2"> marketing manager for tennis, sums up admirably: ''Last year Andre got into the finals, getting us a great deal of invaluable exposure for our products. . . Er, this year we weren't so lucky.''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">An Asda Group annual report thumps on to the desk. No mention of compensation for John Hardman and Graham Stow, the directors ousted in June. Their packages are almost finalised, according to finance director Ron Scott, and will appear in the next report.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">There's been less progress, it seems, on finding a new chief executive. ''Candidates are being seen,'' is all Mr Scott will volunteer.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">One piece of good news is that chairman Sir Godfrey Messervy, 66, is back in the saddle after his heart attack and will chair the annual meeting next month. ''He's proving pretty robust,'' says Mr Scott.</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">With no chief executive to share the work, he 'Asda be (to borrow a slogan).</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">Timothy Dewhirst, chief executive of clothing supplier Dewhirst Group, is ambiguous about second-half prospects: ''If Christmas doesn't happen, then we are all in trouble. But then Christmas always happens, doesn't it?''</span></p>
<p class="c10"><span class="c2">On 25 December, they say.</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c5"><p class="c6"><span class="c9">LANGUAGE: </span><span class="c2">ENGLISH</span></p>
</div>
<br/><div class="c3"><p class="c1"><span class="c2">Copyright 1991 Independent Print Ltd</span></p>
</div>
<!-- Hide XML section from browser
</DOCFULL>
</DOC> -->
</body></html>